uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/TabLayout = 0x7f130091
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f12021f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Colored = 0x7f12026c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ChipGroup = 0x7f13001d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Colored = 0x7f1202ab
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Item = 0x7f1202a3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/skipped = 0x7f0901d1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f120161
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/Toolbar = 0x7f130097
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_only_start_selected = 0x7f110074
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/touchAnchorId = 0x7f0303e2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ActionMenuView = 0x7f130003
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f120232
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/SnackbarLayout = 0x7f130088
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f120189
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_progress_bar_height_material = 0x7f060035
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1201c7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f1202bd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f12005f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f120242
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f1200bb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1202d3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f12022d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionMode.Inverse = 0x7f12022f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextView = 0x7f1202c9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f1201cc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderDivider = 0x7f12029d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/NavigationView = 0x7f130072
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f120065
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/GradientColor = 0x7f13003d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/tooltip_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0601a9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar = 0x7f1201e3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tag_on_receive_content_mime_types = 0x7f0901f8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/MenuItem = 0x7f13005f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f1200bd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f130032
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/relative_height = 0x7f03030f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton.Icon = 0x7f12027e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f12005e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/personal_data = 0x7f090193
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f120207
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Spinner = 0x7f1201fc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/MotionHelper = 0x7f130064
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f120195
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:xml/standalone_badge_gravity_bottom_end = 0x7f140001
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Action = 0x7f120281
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f120057
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1202bf
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationView = 0x7f1202af
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_17 = 0x7f090019
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Centered = 0x7f1201f7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ActionBar = 0x7f130000
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/NavGraphNavigator = 0x7f13006c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_bottom = 0x7f0600b3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f120137
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f120221
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/status_bar_notification_info_overflow = 0x7f11008c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f13007f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/MaterialToolbar = 0x7f13005d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/compat_control_corner_material = 0x7f06005d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Flush = 0x7f120279
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_dark_default_color_on_background = 0x7f050042
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/rv_resumes = 0x7f0901ad
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body1 = 0x7f120176
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/BaseProgressIndicator = 0x7f130014
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mtrl_calendar_year_selector_frame = 0x7f090158
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/mtrl_popupmenu_background = 0x7f0700b5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Choice = 0x7f120282
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_pre_l_text_clip_padding = 0x7f06010d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar.FullWidth = 0x7f1202b8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/common_signin_button_text = 0x7f110039
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/textinput_prefix_text = 0x7f090213
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/fragment_information = 0x7f0c003c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f120248
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.Design.Snackbar = 0x7f12025b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabTextColor = 0x7f030386
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1202c8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.SmallComponent = 0x7f120118
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/mtrl_dropdown_arrow = 0x7f0700af
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout.Colored = 0x7f1202bb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f12001c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.ImageButton = 0x7f1202cf
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/activity_verify = 0x7f0c001d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ShapeAppearance = 0x7f130082
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/BOTTOM_START = 0x7f090002
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/common_google_play_services_enable_text = 0x7f11002a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f12020e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f120245
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f0500d8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.Support.CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f1202d6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark = 0x7f050009
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Selected = 0x7f120297
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Primary = 0x7f1202d2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Design.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1201e1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/right_icon = 0x7f0901a7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/bedrooms = 0x7f07005a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Colored.Compact = 0x7f1202ac
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:menu/toolbar_settings = 0x7f0d0001
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.Design.Tab = 0x7f120174
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/dropdown_menu = 0x7f0900c4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Cut = 0x7f12011e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_black = 0x7f070099
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f120244
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.PrimarySurface = 0x7f120264
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f12020d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/inputCity = 0x7f09010a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionText = 0x7f120253
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/test_toolbar_custom_background = 0x7f0c008a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/material_timepicker_hour = 0x7f11005b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/card = 0x7f09007e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f120144
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f120138
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f1201d8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/start = 0x7f0901e5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar.Inverse = 0x7f120227
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1202c0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f12013d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/character_counter_content_description = 0x7f110023
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f120102
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f120243
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f120215
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/neverCompleteToStart = 0x7f09017a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/to_left = 0x7f010029
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ListPopupWindow = 0x7f13004d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/staticPostLayout = 0x7f0901ea
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.InternalGroup = 0x7f120108
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout = 0x7f130035
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/material_clock_display = 0x7f090132
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ConstraintLayout_Layout = 0x7f130027
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/SHOW_ALL = 0x7f090008
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_14 = 0x7f090016
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f13001f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_calendar_vertical = 0x7f0c0064
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/search_menu_title = 0x7f11008b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_choice_chip_ripple_color = 0x7f0500a2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/Snackbar = 0x7f130087
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout = 0x7f130080
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.Design.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f120256
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/shapeAppearanceLargeComponent = 0x7f03032a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f1200ce
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/material_timepicker_text_input_mode_description = 0x7f11005f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f1201ef
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.Design.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f12025a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/state_collapsed = 0x7f030354
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/cardElevation = 0x7f030088
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton = 0x7f120277
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_action_bar_title_item = 0x7f0c0000
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1200b1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter.Overflow = 0x7f12016c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f1201b3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/MotionLabel = 0x7f130065
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/skipCollapsed = 0x7f0901d0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Icon = 0x7f12027b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1201e9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.DayNight.ActionBar = 0x7f1201dd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection.Fullscreen = 0x7f1202a0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f060176
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1201c8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/viewTransitionOnPositiveCross = 0x7f030402
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/resumeFragment = 0x7f0901a1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/titleTextAppearance = 0x7f0303d8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/StateSet = 0x7f13008d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.Test = 0x7f120119
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable = 0x7f03016a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f1200c4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f1202d4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:interpolator/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0b0004
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_disabled = 0x7f070069
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/include = 0x7f1300a1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/action_menu_divider = 0x7f090041
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_helper_text_default_padding_top = 0x7f0600b9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_textinput_focused_box_stroke_color = 0x7f0500c2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/BottomSheetBehavior_Layout = 0x7f130017
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.Design.NoActionBar = 0x7f1201a4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/notification_large_icon_width = 0x7f06018d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintEnd_toStartOf = 0x7f03021b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f120147
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.LargeTouch = 0x7f1201d1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/MenuView = 0x7f130060
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_down = 0x7f0700b0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/multiply = 0x7f090167
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/MaterialTextView = 0x7f13005b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/subtitleTextStyle = 0x7f030364
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f120124
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/always = 0x7f090056
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle2 = 0x7f120183
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f1201f6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_textinput_end_icon_margin_start = 0x7f06017e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f120154
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/button_material_light = 0x7f05002d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/none = 0x7f09017d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_btn_radio_material_anim = 0x7f070011
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/material_clock_display = 0x7f0c0049
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f12014f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.Design.Suffix = 0x7f120173
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f12019c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/facebook_round = 0x7f07007c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1202c5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/etSearch = 0x7f0900db
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/Fragment = 0x7f13003a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog = 0x7f120278
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/percentHeight = 0x7f0302e0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_badge_radius = 0x7f0600cc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ActionBarLayout = 0x7f130001
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f120202
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/AppCompatImageView = 0x7f13000e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f12029a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ShapeableImageView = 0x7f1202b5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/icon_group = 0x7f090100
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f120191
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f1201cd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070049
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/iconTintMode = 0x7f0301c9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/abc_tint_btn_checkable = 0x7f050013
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f12026d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1202ae
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/bathrooms = 0x7f070059
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.BottomRightCut = 0x7f12011d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/notification_action_tombstone = 0x7f0c0074
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/decelerate = 0x7f0900a9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_btn_check_material = 0x7f07000a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f1201f3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f120234
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/test_chip_zero_corner_radius = 0x7f0c0084
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.Colored = 0x7f12026f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/common_open_on_phone = 0x7f110038
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f1202a6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar = 0x7f1200e0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f12019a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f12001a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:interpolator/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0b0005
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f120156
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/SwitchMaterial = 0x7f13008f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_card_checked_icon_margin = 0x7f06011a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/material_clock_period_toggle_land = 0x7f0c004c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/design_bottom_navigation_item = 0x7f0c0023
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderTitle = 0x7f1202a1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.Medium = 0x7f120288
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemHorizontalTranslationEnabled = 0x7f0301e5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_focused = 0x7f06017c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/labelBehavior = 0x7f0301ff
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f1201fd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07004b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/material_timepicker = 0x7f0c0053
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.Surface = 0x7f120265
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tvFullName = 0x7f09022e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f12014d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/androidx_core_secondary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f05001c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f12019b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f06013e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f1201da
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f070024
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight = 0x7f12018b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_choice_chip_text_color = 0x7f0500a3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/ratingBarStyleSmall = 0x7f030305
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_content_padding = 0x7f0600f4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ConstraintLayout_placeholder = 0x7f130029
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/dark = 0x7f0900a7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection = 0x7f12029f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark = 0x7f07006e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/foreground_material_light = 0x7f05006b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.Design.CollapsingToolbar.Expanded = 0x7f12016a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Title = 0x7f120184
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.Design.Snackbar.Message = 0x7f120172
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/flow_wrapMode = 0x7f030199
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f120071
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/search_go_btn = 0x7f0901be
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.Design.Prefix = 0x7f120171
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_default_color_background = 0x7f05004d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1201d5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/material_timepicker_minute = 0x7f11005c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_scrollInterpolator = 0x7f03024a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.Design.Placeholder = 0x7f120170
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_29 = 0x7f090026
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constrainedHeight = 0x7f03020d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f12008e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f120230
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ButtonBarLayout = 0x7f130018
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_fab_elevation = 0x7f060137
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/material_motion_path = 0x7f0a0011
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/autoSizeTextType = 0x7f030042
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/TabItem = 0x7f130090
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/logo1 = 0x7f0700a2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f12005b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f12003a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/NavigationBarView = 0x7f130070
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f12002b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f12015e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_action_bar_up_description = 0x7f110001
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f12002f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f120186
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/withText = 0x7f090247
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_minor = 0x7f060023
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintCircleAngle = 0x7f030217
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f060091
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1202be
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/navigation_favorites = 0x7f090173
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/transitionFlags = 0x7f0303f1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f120293
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/sizePercent = 0x7f03033b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/ALT = 0x7f090000
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/scroll = 0x7f0901b4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/pv_pin_view_item_line_width = 0x7f060198
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/material_textinput_timepicker = 0x7f0c0050
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/scrimAnimationDuration = 0x7f03031c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Slider = 0x7f1202b6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/Navigator = 0x7f130073
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/iconifiedByDefault = 0x7f0301ca
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ShapeableImageView = 0x7f130083
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/expandedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f030173
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/material_timepicker_pm = 0x7f11005d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/recyclerViewStyle = 0x7f03030a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/Motion = 0x7f130062
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1202c3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f1201c5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f1201db
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/BottomNavigationView = 0x7f130016
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f130053
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/haloColor = 0x7f0301ad
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/test_design_radiobutton = 0x7f0c0086
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/create_new_resume = 0x7f09009e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.MonthNavigationButton = 0x7f1202a4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.LargeComponent = 0x7f120116
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TestThemeWithLineHeight = 0x7f120133
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f120150
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/FlowLayout = 0x7f130036
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f120229
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/dialog_address = 0x7f0c0032
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Test.ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f12012a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/NavigationRailView = 0x7f130071
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle = 0x7f03039f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/carousel_touchUp_dampeningFactor = 0x7f030096
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_editor_absoluteX = 0x7f03023c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.Small = 0x7f120289
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f060027
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f120240
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f1201bb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f06013d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/abc_secondary_text_material_light = 0x7f050012
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/etPhone = 0x7f0900da
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton = 0x7f12022c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mtrl_card_checked_layer_id = 0x7f090159
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1201de
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f120083
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item = 0x7f0c0082
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/textinput_error = 0x7f090210
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/material_clock_period_am_button = 0x7f090135
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070040
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DarkActionBar = 0x7f12018c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_height = 0x7f06016d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionEasingAccelerated = 0x7f0302a1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f120148
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/restart = 0x7f0901a0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f120146
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_picker_header_title_text = 0x7f0c006f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f120141
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f120153
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.Design.HelperText = 0x7f12016e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/selected = 0x7f0901c4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_confirm = 0x7f110068
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f12013f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/icon = 0x7f0900ff
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f12013e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Clock = 0x7f1202cc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/mtrl_chip_anim_duration = 0x7f0a001a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Header.Text = 0x7f1201fa
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TestStyleWithoutLineHeight = 0x7f120132
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f1201be
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f120126
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/Insets = 0x7f130040
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f120140
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f120158
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/PinView = 0x7f130076
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f12028b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f120152
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/material_minute_text_input = 0x7f09013b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/fabCustomSize = 0x7f03017c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f120246
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textOutlineColor = 0x7f0303b0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.DayTextView = 0x7f120299
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TestStyleWithLineHeightAppearance = 0x7f120130
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/FontFamily = 0x7f130037
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlayColorAccentRed = 0x7f120208
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/compat_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f060059
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialAlertDialogTitlePanelStyle = 0x7f030268
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f12025c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/allowStacking = 0x7f03002d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ForegroundLinearLayout = 0x7f130039
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/group_divider = 0x7f0900f4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_small_component = 0x7f060166
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f1201cb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/rv_trade = 0x7f0901ae
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/textStart = 0x7f090208
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/flow_horizontalBias = 0x7f03018c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_on_surface_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f050083
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/editCountry = 0x7f0900ca
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f12019d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/common_google_play_services_enable_title = 0x7f11002b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents = 0x7f120115
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.MagIcon = 0x7f120112
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/sign_in_google = 0x7f0901ce
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat = 0x7f1200ff
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents = 0x7f1200ea
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:interpolator/mtrl_linear_out_slow_in = 0x7f0b000a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/trackColorActive = 0x7f0303e7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f120142
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constrainedWidth = 0x7f03020e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/FragmentNavigator = 0x7f13003c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f12009e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f12006f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/baseline = 0x7f090064
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu = 0x7f1200db
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl = 0x7f07004d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/add_address = 0x7f09004b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/nav_host_fragment_activity_main = 0x7f09016b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_end_hint = 0x7f11007a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_collapse_motion_spec = 0x7f020011
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f12024d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/chipSpacingVertical = 0x7f0300b0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f1200cc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_creator = 0x7f03020f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f1200c3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f120219
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1200be
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f120099
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f1202b1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_size = 0x7f0600ee
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_suffix = 0x7f110063
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1200ba
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display = 0x7f1202cd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f1200b2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1200ae
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/triangle = 0x7f090226
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/zero_corner_chip = 0x7f09024e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f12024a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ActivityChooserView = 0x7f130005
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tabMode = 0x7f0901f0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f070013
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Picker.Date.Calendar = 0x7f1200ec
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/popEnterAnim = 0x7f0302ec
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f1200ac
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f1200a9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_calendar_horizontal = 0x7f0c005f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_range = 0x7f110070
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1200bc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f1200a8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/drawerArrowStyle = 0x7f03014b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/trackTint = 0x7f0303ec
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f12014a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/snap = 0x7f0901d5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_chip_text_color = 0x7f0500a0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f060092
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1201f0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ViewBackgroundHelper = 0x7f13009d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Overline = 0x7f120181
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/percent = 0x7f090192
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/telltales_velocityMode = 0x7f03038c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f1200a5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/job_name = 0x7f090118
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/CircleImageView = 0x7f13001e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f12021c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ConstraintSet = 0x7f13002b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ShimmerFrameLayout = 0x7f130084
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f1200a4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/test_toolbar_elevation = 0x7f0c008b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ViewStubCompat = 0x7f13009f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f1200a1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_text_input_padding_top = 0x7f060112
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f120035
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/KeyPosition = 0x7f130046
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/passwordToggleDrawable = 0x7f0302da
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/googleg_disabled_color_18 = 0x7f07007e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabIndicatorGravity = 0x7f030377
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Primary = 0x7f120206
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material = 0x7f060039
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tag_window_insets_animation_callback = 0x7f0901fe
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode = 0x7f0c0016
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f120190
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/AppBarLayout_Layout = 0x7f13000d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/AppCompatTextView = 0x7f130011
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f120096
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/MotionLayout = 0x7f130066
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f120095
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f1200cf
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_slider_thumb_color = 0x7f05008b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f120082
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/cornerFamilyBottomRight = 0x7f03010a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/startIconContentDescription = 0x7f03034f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/frost = 0x7f0900ec
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f12007b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/exitUntilCollapsed = 0x7f0900dc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout = 0x7f1202ba
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/overlapAnchor = 0x7f0302cc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f120070
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/AppCompatTheme = 0x7f130012
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_ratingbar_material = 0x7f07003a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f12011b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TestStyleWithThemeLineHeightAttribute = 0x7f120131
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f120078
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/dialog_select_profession = 0x7f0c0034
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/dialogTheme = 0x7f030138
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f120272
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom = 0x7f010005
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/navigationMode = 0x7f0302bc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f120050
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/notification_template_custom_big = 0x7f0c0075
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f12015d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.Empty = 0x7f120196
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_picker_fullscreen = 0x7f0c006b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/notification_small_icon_background_padding = 0x7f060192
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/visible_removing_fragment_view_tag = 0x7f090244
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/endIconTint = 0x7f03015c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/dialog_self = 0x7f0c0035
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f12006c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V7.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f120098
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_fab_image_size = 0x7f060074
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f12015f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f120051
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/add_title_text = 0x7f0c001e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/wrap_content_constrained = 0x7f09024b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.YearNavigationButton = 0x7f1202a9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/sliderStyle = 0x7f03033c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/material_time_input = 0x7f0c0052
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/container = 0x7f090096
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DarkActionBar = 0x7f1201ac
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f12000a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar = 0x7f060050
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/defaultQueryHint = 0x7f030130
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/fontProviderQuery = 0x7f0301a1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f13004f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_horizontal_offset = 0x7f0600cf
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/navigation_bar_item_icon_view = 0x7f09016f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all = 0x7f110004
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionBarWidgetTheme = 0x7f03000e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f120023
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.Design.Error = 0x7f12016d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/expandedTitleMarginBottom = 0x7f03016f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ColorStateListItem = 0x7f130024
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1202c7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f12004c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f1201ae
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_focused = 0x7f070066
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/visible = 0x7f090243
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1201ad
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/NavDeepLink = 0x7f13006b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/submit_area = 0x7f0901ee
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/nav_app_bar_open_drawer_description = 0x7f110084
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f1200b4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/altSrc = 0x7f030030
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/showMotionSpec = 0x7f030333
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/prefixTextColor = 0x7f0302f6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_tint = 0x7f0500ae
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/coordinatorLayoutStyle = 0x7f030107
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.NoActionBar = 0x7f12019e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f120084
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f12004a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_radius = 0x7f060169
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f120047
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f120046
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/foreground_material_dark = 0x7f05006a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Entry = 0x7f120283
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f12003b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/MenuGroup = 0x7f13005e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motion_postLayoutCollision = 0x7f0302b4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/SignInButton = 0x7f130085
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:interpolator/mtrl_linear = 0x7f0b0009
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f120163
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f120036
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_corner = 0x7f060115
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/material_clock_toggle_content_description = 0x7f11004d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f120074
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/fragment_profile = 0x7f0c0040
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_a11y_prev_month = 0x7f110065
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/PinWidget = 0x7f1200f4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.Design.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f120258
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f120187
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/expandedTitleMarginTop = 0x7f030172
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f12002a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f120020
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/beginOnFirstDraw = 0x7f090065
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Test.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Selected = 0x7f12012e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f1200b5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.Design.TextInputLayout = 0x7f12025e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Platform.MaterialComponents = 0x7f1200f8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_year_abbr = 0x7f11007e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f120075
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f1201e7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/design_navigation_item = 0x7f0c002a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_focused = 0x7f050036
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/jumpToStart = 0x7f09011a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/editTextColor = 0x7f030152
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f120030
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu = 0x7f0303a1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f1202d5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Primary = 0x7f1201eb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/closeIconStartPadding = 0x7f0300cd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/glide_custom_view_target_tag = 0x7f0900ef
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/MaterialAutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f130051
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070051
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_on_primary_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f050080
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/windowNoTitle = 0x7f030416
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:interpolator/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1 = 0x7f0b0003
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Invalid = 0x7f120296
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f1201b5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_25 = 0x7f090022
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/material_timepicker_cancel_button = 0x7f09013e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f12006b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f120121
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_picker_header_selection_text = 0x7f0c006e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/colorAccent = 0x7f0300d8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_z = 0x7f0600ef
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/KeyFrame = 0x7f130043
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_13 = 0x7f090015
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/navigation_bar_item_small_label_view = 0x7f090172
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon.CenterStacked = 0x7f1200ef
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_start_hint = 0x7f11007b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/included = 0x7f090108
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/notification_action_background = 0x7f0700b9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/TOP_START = 0x7f09000d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1201a0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/common_google_play_services_update_button = 0x7f110033
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_action_button_min_height_material = 0x7f06000d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/cw_90 = 0x7f0900a6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/dragThreshold = 0x7f030140
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_action_clickable_span = 0x7f09000f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_bottom = 0x7f0600c5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_start = 0x7f0600c7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.SubmenuArrow = 0x7f12010a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/Slider = 0x7f130086
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f12001b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_control_padding_material = 0x7f06001a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f1201cf
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/clip_vertical = 0x7f090090
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f06007b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Title = 0x7f120169
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/add = 0x7f09004a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/disableScroll = 0x7f0900ba
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f120014
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/fragment_close_exit = 0x7f020004
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top = 0x7f060113
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/gcm_defaultSenderId = 0x7f110043
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/SwitchCompat = 0x7f13008e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/notification_content_margin_start = 0x7f06018b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/project_id = 0x7f11008a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f12008b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintLeft_creator = 0x7f030227
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material = 0x7f0c0008
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.TopRightDifferentCornerSize = 0x7f120129
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/google_storage_bucket = 0x7f110048
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f1201c6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_grey_300 = 0x7f050076
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_day_abbr = 0x7f11007c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/material_time_chip = 0x7f0c0051
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CheckedTextView = 0x7f120280
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/notification_main_column = 0x7f090181
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog_actions = 0x7f0c0057
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.MediumComponent = 0x7f120117
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_divider_thickness = 0x7f0600ff
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/textinput_placeholder = 0x7f090212
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f120249
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f1200dc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/material_timepicker_textinput_display = 0x7f0c0055
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_config_prefDialogWidth = 0x7f060017
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/RecycleListView = 0x7f13007d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Info = 0x7f120166
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1200b9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1200a3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar = 0x7f1202b7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f120041
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout = 0x7f130022
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f1201a5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/dragScale = 0x7f03013f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1200c0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_18 = 0x7f09001a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application = 0x7f110019
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_offset = 0x7f060124
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintLeft_toLeftOf = 0x7f030228
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/KeyTimeCycle = 0x7f130047
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display = 0x7f120205
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/imagePanX = 0x7f0301d0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f120013
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_selection_line_height = 0x7f060102
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset = 0x7f060156
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/civ_border_width = 0x7f0300c1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel = 0x7f120011
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/rangeFillColor = 0x7f030302
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/design_ic_visibility = 0x7f070078
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.DialogWindowTitleBackground.AppCompat = 0x7f12000f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/GradientColorItem = 0x7f13003e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/immediateStop = 0x7f090107
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/titleEnabled = 0x7f0303d1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/contrast = 0x7f030105
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070050
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_margin = 0x7f060153
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_edit_text_material = 0x7f07001b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/aligned = 0x7f090052
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_keyboard_black_24dp = 0x7f070095
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f120100
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/colorOnSurface = 0x7f0300e4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_top = 0x7f0600e7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult = 0x7f120025
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/endIconDrawable = 0x7f03015a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/notification_action_color_filter = 0x7f0500c5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/legacy = 0x7f09011f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/listPopupWindowStyle = 0x7f03025b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f120222
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f12026a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/graph = 0x7f0900f2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.ExtraSmall = 0x7f120287
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.Design.Light = 0x7f1201a1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.TextView = 0x7f1200d2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark = 0x7f070033
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/material_clock_period_pm_button = 0x7f090136
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/CardView = 0x7f13001a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView = 0x7f1202aa
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f120052
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f12021a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/clockwise = 0x7f090091
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f120210
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/NavHost = 0x7f13006d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.Design.NavigationView = 0x7f120259
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/endToStart = 0x7f0900d3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog_title = 0x7f0c0058
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1200dd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/mtrl_badge_max_character_count = 0x7f0a0012
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/AndroidThemeColorAccentYellow = 0x7f120002
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/title_favorite = 0x7f11008d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1201af
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/path_password_strike_through = 0x7f110089
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_calendar_input_mode = 0x7f11007f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_19 = 0x7f09001b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_dark = 0x7f070035
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/floating = 0x7f0900e9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Surface = 0x7f1201e5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_cancel = 0x7f110067
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070053
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/design_navigation_menu_item = 0x7f0c002f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/elevationOverlayColor = 0x7f030155
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/initialActivityCount = 0x7f0301db
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/touch_outside = 0x7f09021e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/logo_splash = 0x7f0700a3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f120164
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/material_minute_selection = 0x7f110050
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/action_bar_title = 0x7f090039
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/FontFamilyFont = 0x7f130038
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1202c2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_a11y_next_month = 0x7f110064
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_content_description = 0x7f110062
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f1201d2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f050092
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/browser_actions_divider_color = 0x7f050029
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ChipGroup = 0x7f120285
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/reactiveGuide_applyToAllConstraintSets = 0x7f030307
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f120290
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textAllCaps = 0x7f03038d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/edit_description = 0x7f0900cd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/wide = 0x7f090246
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_select_dialog_material = 0x7f0c001a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f12005c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/gapBetweenBars = 0x7f0301a9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textAppearanceLargePopupMenu = 0x7f030398
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/material_hour_suffix = 0x7f11004f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f120157
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/AppBarLayoutStates = 0x7f13000c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f120127
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/item_view_role_description = 0x7f11004b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.MonthTextView = 0x7f1202a5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f12001d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/icon_content_description = 0x7f11004a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/boxCollapsedPaddingTop = 0x7f03006e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/bottomsheet_action_expand_halfway = 0x7f110022
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ProgressIndicator = 0x7f1202b4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:navigation/nav_graph = 0x7f0f0001
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/hideMotionSpec = 0x7f0301b7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mtrl_view_tag_bottom_padding = 0x7f090166
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material = 0x7f070042
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/circle_center = 0x7f09008d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week = 0x7f090152
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/material_clock_period_toggle = 0x7f090137
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f12007a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f12026e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.NoActionBar = 0x7f1201d4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/north = 0x7f09017f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/beginning = 0x7f090066
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/south = 0x7f0901d7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter = 0x7f12016b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/CompoundButton = 0x7f130025
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/test_navigation_bar_item_layout = 0x7f0c0087
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/google_api_key = 0x7f110044
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/exposed_dropdown_menu_content_description = 0x7f110040
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f12027c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/limitBoundsTo = 0x7f03024e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/default_region_text = 0x7f11003c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/month_navigation_fragment_toggle = 0x7f09014b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintStart_toEndOf = 0x7f03022d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/error_icon_content_description = 0x7f11003f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.Design = 0x7f12019f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/AppBarLayout = 0x7f13000b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textAppearanceHeadline3 = 0x7f030394
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_fab_stroke_end_outer_color = 0x7f05005f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat = 0x7f120101
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material = 0x7f060003
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/common_google_play_services_update_title = 0x7f110035
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f120160
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_normal_background = 0x7f070068
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/navigation_home = 0x7f090175
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1201a6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/flow_firstHorizontalBias = 0x7f030187
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f120188
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/google_crash_reporting_api_key = 0x7f110046
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/west = 0x7f090245
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/windowActionBarOverlay = 0x7f03040e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView.Inverse = 0x7f12022b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year.Today = 0x7f1202a8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemShapeAppearance = 0x7f0301ed
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Window.Fullscreen = 0x7f120125
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/State = 0x7f13008a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1201c9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_next_black_24dp = 0x7f0700a9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/common_google_play_services_unknown_issue = 0x7f110031
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width = 0x7f060016
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f12014e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/edit_query = 0x7f0900cf
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialCalendarHeaderTitle = 0x7f030274
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/com.crashlytics.android.build_id = 0x7f110028
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/app_name = 0x7f11001f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/add_profession = 0x7f11001e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/FragmentContainerView = 0x7f13003b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/common_google_play_services_updating_text = 0x7f110036
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/shortcutMatchRequired = 0x7f03032e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/browser_actions_context_menu_min_padding = 0x7f060054
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/fitToContents = 0x7f0900e6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/btn_radio_off_mtrl = 0x7f07005f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_3 = 0x7f090027
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/material_ic_menu_arrow_down_black_24dp = 0x7f0700ac
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_searchview_description_voice = 0x7f110017
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/clear_text_end_icon_content_description = 0x7f110027
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/view_tree_lifecycle_owner = 0x7f090240
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_list_menu_item_icon = 0x7f0c000f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width = 0x7f06000a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/splashFragment2 = 0x7f0901da
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_focused = 0x7f05003b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/contentPanel = 0x7f090098
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/listChoiceIndicatorMultipleAnimated = 0x7f030255
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/fab_transformation_sheet_behavior = 0x7f110042
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f120175
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Time = 0x7f120168
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/flow_lastVerticalBias = 0x7f030191
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/ellipse = 0x7f0900d1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_searchview_description_search = 0x7f110015
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f12001e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_normal_background = 0x7f07006d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_action_mode_close_item_material = 0x7f0c0005
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/bright_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f050026
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_on_surface_ripple_color = 0x7f0500b4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_menu_meta_shortcut_label = 0x7f11000d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/material_timepicker_select_time = 0x7f11005e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintVertical_chainStyle = 0x7f030234
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/touchAnchorSide = 0x7f0303e3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/content = 0x7f090097
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/MaterialAlertDialogTheme = 0x7f130050
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/verifyBtn = 0x7f09023b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material = 0x7f06002c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textInputStyle = 0x7f0303ae
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f120238
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_menu_function_shortcut_label = 0x7f11000c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_bottom_sheet_max_width = 0x7f0600a2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_deep_teal_500 = 0x7f050074
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1200e1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_capital_on = 0x7f110007
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_capital_off = 0x7f110006
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/inputProfession = 0x7f090110
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Text = 0x7f12010b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f120295
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/easeOut = 0x7f0900c7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_prepend_shortcut_label = 0x7f110011
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tag_accessibility_heading = 0x7f0901f4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/cardview_light_background = 0x7f05002f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/clockHandColor = 0x7f0300c6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/fontProviderAuthority = 0x7f03019c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_action_mode_done = 0x7f110003
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/material_motion_easing_emphasized = 0x7f110054
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.TopLeftCut = 0x7f120128
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Slider = 0x7f1200df
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_action_menu_overflow_description = 0x7f110002
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/quantizeMotionInterpolator = 0x7f0302fb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.CheckedTextView = 0x7f1200d8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:navigation/mobile_navigation = 0x7f0f0000
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ActionMenuItemView = 0x7f130002
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/black = 0x7f050021
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/RtlOverlay.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f120104
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:menu/bottom_nav_menu = 0x7f0d0000
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f120122
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1201e0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/yearStyle = 0x7f030418
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_icon_null_animation = 0x7f010014
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/text_view_without_line_height = 0x7f0c0091
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/test_reflow_chipgroup = 0x7f0c0088
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tag_accessibility_actions = 0x7f0901f2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f120192
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f1200cb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/colorOnError = 0x7f0300e0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/cancel_button_image_alpha = 0x7f0a0004
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/progress_dialog = 0x7f0c007c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f1200c2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f120005
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/minWidth = 0x7f030293
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f12008f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Primary = 0x7f12025f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/pager_sign_phone = 0x7f0c007a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/nav_default_exit_anim = 0x7f010026
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/material_clockface_view = 0x7f0c004e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tvCountry = 0x7f09022b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/imageAspectRatio = 0x7f0301cd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/prefixTextAppearance = 0x7f0302f5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/ln1 = 0x7f090127
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/edit_address = 0x7f0900cc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/notification_template_part_time = 0x7f0c0078
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/displayOptions = 0x7f030139
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Primary = 0x7f1201e4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/fastScrollEnabled = 0x7f03017e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f1200fd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_non_touch = 0x7f0601ae
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f120086
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_picker_actions = 0x7f0c0069
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ClockHandView = 0x7f130021
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f120269
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_elevation = 0x7f060066
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f060142
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_navigation_rail_item = 0x7f0c0068
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_light = 0x7f07002a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_layout_snackbar_include = 0x7f0c0067
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/civ_border_overlay = 0x7f0300c0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionDebug = 0x7f03029a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/transitionToStart = 0x7f090220
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/flow_horizontalAlign = 0x7f03018b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_list_divider_material = 0x7f07002b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f1200d3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/select_dialog_multichoice_material = 0x7f0c007e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/cornerSizeTopRight = 0x7f030112
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f120044
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionDurationShort1 = 0x7f03029f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/wrap = 0x7f090249
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_tabs_colored_ripple_color = 0x7f0500b9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_calendar_year = 0x7f0c0065
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/browser_actions_title_color = 0x7f05002b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f1201ca
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_screen_content_include = 0x7f0c0014
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_calendar_months = 0x7f0c0063
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/buttonTint = 0x7f030084
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/NavInclude = 0x7f13006f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/transition_layout_save = 0x7f090222
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/logo = 0x7f09012d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_btn_colored_material = 0x7f07000e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f12023a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/TextInputEditText = 0x7f130094
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/dimensions = 0x7f0900b5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_menu_shift_shortcut_label = 0x7f11000e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/androidx_core_ripple_material_light = 0x7f05001b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_calendar_day_of_week = 0x7f0c005d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_calendar_day = 0x7f0c005c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents = 0x7f1201e2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/notification_action = 0x7f0c0073
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_clock_hand_padding = 0x7f0600a6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/home = 0x7f0900fa
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/material_motion_easing_decelerated = 0x7f110053
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f120003
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/TextInputLayout = 0x7f130095
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/add_description = 0x7f11001c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:xml/standalone_badge_gravity_bottom_start = 0x7f140002
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tv1 = 0x7f090227
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/switch_thumb_material_dark = 0x7f0500dd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialCalendarYearNavigationButton = 0x7f03027a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0600df
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/SearchView = 0x7f130081
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/loginFragment = 0x7f09012c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_navigation_elevation = 0x7f060079
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionBarSize = 0x7f030007
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/material_timepicker_dialog = 0x7f0c0054
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:interpolator/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0b0002
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/material_clock_period_toggle = 0x7f0c004b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_item = 0x7f0c0059
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/material_clock_display_divider = 0x7f0c004a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tvEmail = 0x7f09022d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/design_text_input_start_icon = 0x7f0c0031
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/repeat_count = 0x7f030311
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/material_chip_input_combo = 0x7f0c0048
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_light = 0x7f0500dc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/character_counter_pattern = 0x7f110025
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f120185
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/anticipate = 0x7f09005a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_launcher_background = 0x7f070096
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_snackbar_min_width = 0x7f060087
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/fragment_login = 0x7f0c003d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:plurals/mtrl_badge_content_description = 0x7f100000
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/fragment_favorite = 0x7f0c003a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/MaterialButton = 0x7f130052
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline1 = 0x7f12017b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f120004
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/alpha = 0x7f03002e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mtrl_calendar_day_selector_frame = 0x7f090151
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/autoSizeStepGranularity = 0x7f030041
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextView = 0x7f1200e3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/design_navigation_menu = 0x7f0c002e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f1201f4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_timepicker_clockface = 0x7f05008f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/bestChoice = 0x7f090067
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_31 = 0x7f090029
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/guideline = 0x7f0900f7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/notification_small_icon_size_as_large = 0x7f060193
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/isLightTheme = 0x7f0301de
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/east = 0x7f0900c8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_filter = 0x7f070092
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1201b8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f120039
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle1 = 0x7f120182
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/passwordToggleTint = 0x7f0302dc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/titleMargins = 0x7f0303d7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/design_navigation_item_separator = 0x7f0c002c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Animation.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f120006
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Test.Theme.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f12012b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/Tooltip = 0x7f130098
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/common_full_open_on_phone = 0x7f070064
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_action_mode_bar = 0x7f0c0004
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/line3 = 0x7f090123
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/browser_actions_context_menu_row = 0x7f0c0021
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/profession_name = 0x7f090198
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0c000c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/notification_template_icon_group = 0x7f0c0076
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f1200d1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_goneMarginEnd = 0x7f030240
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_extra_small = 0x7f060157
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f12004d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f1202a2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/app_bar_main = 0x7f0c001f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/browser_actions_bg_grey = 0x7f050028
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderConfirmButton = 0x7f12029c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_optimizationLevel = 0x7f030248
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/PinViewTheme = 0x7f130077
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Text = 0x7f120111
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/activity_main = 0x7f0c001c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1201e8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/maxWidth = 0x7f030289
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionEffect_translationX = 0x7f0302ab
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_screen_toolbar = 0x7f0c0017
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/month_grid = 0x7f090149
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/BottomAppBar = 0x7f130015
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_cornerSize = 0x7f060183
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_picker_dialog = 0x7f0c006a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/common_google_play_services_notification_channel_name = 0x7f11002f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout = 0x7f0c0012
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline6 = 0x7f120042
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_list_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c0010
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/CoordinatorLayout_Layout = 0x7f13002d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f1200a7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f120286
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/settings = 0x7f0901c6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/invisible = 0x7f090113
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/never = 0x7f090178
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_list_menu_item_checkbox = 0x7f0c000e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/notification_large_icon_height = 0x7f06018c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_cascading_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c000b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f120212
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/common_google_play_services_notification_ticker = 0x7f110030
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Shortcut = 0x7f120109
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_edittext_rectangle_top_offset = 0x7f060122
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintBottom_toBottomOf = 0x7f030214
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/ignoreRequest = 0x7f090105
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_action_menu_layout = 0x7f0c0003
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/customStringValue = 0x7f030127
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/grouping = 0x7f0900f5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/KeyAttribute = 0x7f130041
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/accent_material_dark = 0x7f050019
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f12009f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f120218
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_light = 0x7f050008
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:interpolator/fast_out_slow_in = 0x7f0b0006
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f120193
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_screen_simple = 0x7f0c0015
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_icon_size = 0x7f06012d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mtrl_motion_snapshot_view = 0x7f09015c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material = 0x7f06004f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/moveWhenScrollAtTop = 0x7f0302b6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/withinBounds = 0x7f090248
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/KeyCycle = 0x7f130042
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f120273
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/behavior_overlapTop = 0x7f03005f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/status_bar_notification_info_maxnum = 0x7f0a001d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/text_input_error_icon = 0x7f09020c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f120114
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/deltaPolarRadius = 0x7f030133
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/etFullName = 0x7f0900d8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/show_password_duration = 0x7f0a001c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1200af
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f12023f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/CustomAttribute = 0x7f13002e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_fab_icon_text_color_selector = 0x7f0500a6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/mtrl_card_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a0019
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/Transform = 0x7f130099
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/title_profile = 0x7f110090
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_tooltip = 0x7f0c001b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/design_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a0008
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_tint = 0x7f0500b1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/wrap_content = 0x7f09024a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/view_transition = 0x7f09023f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f120261
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintGuide_begin = 0x7f03021c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/view_pager = 0x7f09023e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/item_builder_card = 0x7f0c0044
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/vertical_only = 0x7f09023c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f130030
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/app_bar_elevation_anim_duration = 0x7f0a0002
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/useLogo = 0x7f090239
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MyBuilderApp = 0x7f1201d6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f120062
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultTitle = 0x7f0303a0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/unchecked = 0x7f090235
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/shape = 0x7f0700c9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/showTitle = 0x7f0901cd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/autoSizePresetSizes = 0x7f030040
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tvState = 0x7f090233
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ThemeEnforcement = 0x7f130096
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/showDividers = 0x7f030332
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f120092
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tvCountFeedback = 0x7f090228
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/clickAction = 0x7f0300c4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/selectionRequired = 0x7f030325
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/password_toggle_content_description = 0x7f110085
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_text_size_display_2_material = 0x7f060044
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/abc_btn_colored_text_material = 0x7f050003
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/transition_scene_layoutid_cache = 0x7f090224
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_threshold = 0x7f0601ac
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/left = 0x7f09011d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toBottomOf = 0x7f030211
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialCalendarMonthNavigationButton = 0x7f030277
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/transition_current_scene = 0x7f090221
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material = 0x7f060004
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_btn_transparent_bg_color = 0x7f050098
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/dialog_personal_info = 0x7f0c0033
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/mtrl_calendar_year_selector_span = 0x7f0a0017
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/toolbar_title = 0x7f09021b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/LoadingImageView = 0x7f13004e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/time = 0x7f090215
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/textinput_counter = 0x7f09020f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/design_snackbar_text_max_lines = 0x7f0a0007
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/fragment_self = 0x7f0c0042
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/text_input_start_icon = 0x7f09020d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f12028e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f12018a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_month_abbr = 0x7f11007d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/textTop = 0x7f090209
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f12022e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/action_mode_close_button = 0x7f090045
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_multichoice = 0x7f0c005a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/async = 0x7f09005e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/title_template = 0x7f090218
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/mtrl_popupmenu_background_dark = 0x7f0700b6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/mock_diagonalsColor = 0x7f030294
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/textSpacerNoButtons = 0x7f090206
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/text = 0x7f090203
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/customBoolean = 0x7f03011e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/parent_matrix = 0x7f09018d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_animation = 0x7f010019
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/top = 0x7f09021c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/test_radiobutton_app_button_tint = 0x7f090202
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/browser_actions_menu_item_text = 0x7f090070
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tag_unhandled_key_event_manager = 0x7f0901fc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tag_on_receive_content_listener = 0x7f0901f7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/MaterialCalendar = 0x7f130054
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/test_action_chip = 0x7f0c0083
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/parent = 0x7f09018a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f120045
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tag_screen_reader_focusable = 0x7f0901f9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/tooltip_corner_radius = 0x7f0601a8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CardView = 0x7f12027f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/disjoint = 0x7f0900bb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/right = 0x7f0901a5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f120220
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tag_accessibility_pane_title = 0x7f0901f5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/FloatingActionButton = 0x7f130034
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/supportScrollUp = 0x7f0901ef
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f12009b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/disablePostScroll = 0x7f0900b9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionDurationShort2 = 0x7f0302a0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/stretch = 0x7f0901ec
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/ln4 = 0x7f09012a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/standard = 0x7f0901e4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/chip_group = 0x7f09008b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_end = 0x7f0600c6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/src_in = 0x7f0901e2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f12004e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/src_atop = 0x7f0901e1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/spread_inside = 0x7f0901de
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mtrl_picker_title_text = 0x7f090165
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/snackbar_text = 0x7f0901d4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mtrl_calendar_text_input_frame = 0x7f090157
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_medium = 0x7f060160
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_search_view = 0x7f0c0019
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/animateToEnd = 0x7f090057
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/edit_item_address = 0x7f0c0036
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/scrollView = 0x7f0901b7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/exitAnim = 0x7f030169
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f12023d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/snackbar_action = 0x7f0901d3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1202bc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Test.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f12012c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/slide = 0x7f0901d2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/shortcut = 0x7f0901ca
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/selection_type = 0x7f0901c5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintHeight_default = 0x7f030220
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/search_src_text = 0x7f0901c1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f1201a8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f120241
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/search_plate = 0x7f0901c0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/browser_actions_context_menu_page = 0x7f0c0020
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f120017
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f120155
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f1201bd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/material_motion_duration_short_2 = 0x7f0a0010
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1202ce
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/search_edit_frame = 0x7f0901bd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/search_bar = 0x7f0901ba
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material = 0x7f060006
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/scrollable = 0x7f0901b8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:xml/standalone_badge_gravity_top_start = 0x7f140003
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/screen = 0x7f0901b3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/save_non_transition_alpha = 0x7f0901af
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintBottom_toTopOf = 0x7f030215
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/rv_jobs_list = 0x7f0901ac
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/action_context_bar = 0x7f09003b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/nav_controller_view_tag = 0x7f090169
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_focused = 0x7f070074
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/row_index_key = 0x7f0901aa
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mtrl_picker_header = 0x7f09015e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/collapseActionView = 0x7f090093
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/test_navigation_bar_item_max_width = 0x7f0601a3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Picker.Date.Spinner = 0x7f1200ed
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/autoCompleteToEnd = 0x7f090061
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f120162
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/rounded = 0x7f0901a9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/right_side = 0x7f0901a8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/StateListDrawableItem = 0x7f13008c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/progress_circular = 0x7f090199
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/carousel_nextState = 0x7f030093
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/btnSave = 0x7f090078
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ConstraintOverride = 0x7f13002a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/postLayout = 0x7f090197
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabBackground = 0x7f03036d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_textinput_outline_box_expanded_padding = 0x7f06017f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_seekbar_thumb_material = 0x7f070041
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with = 0x7f110018
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/phone = 0x7f090194
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/windowFixedWidthMajor = 0x7f030412
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/edit_profession = 0x7f0900ce
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_indicator_full_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f060162
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year.Selected = 0x7f1202a7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/peekHeight = 0x7f090191
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/decor_content_parent = 0x7f0900ab
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/parentPanel = 0x7f09018b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/parallax = 0x7f090189
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle.Common = 0x7f1200b3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/outward = 0x7f090186
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/off = 0x7f090183
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu = 0x7f1202b0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/noState = 0x7f09017c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0a0013
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/neverCompleteToEnd = 0x7f090179
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/chip_text = 0x7f110026
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/navigation_information = 0x7f090176
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/navigation_header_container = 0x7f090174
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/hide_bottom_view_on_scroll_behavior = 0x7f110049
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/nav_view = 0x7f09016e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/allResumes = 0x7f090054
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/actionDown = 0x7f090030
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f12024c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/nav_host_fragment_fragment_main = 0x7f09016d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/material_slider_range_end = 0x7f110057
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemTextAppearance = 0x7f0301f7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_range_end = 0x7f090163
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/SHOW_PROGRESS = 0x7f09000a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mtrl_picker_header_toggle = 0x7f090161
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mtrl_internal_children_alpha_tag = 0x7f09015b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f1201d9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior = 0x7f110020
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Surface = 0x7f120262
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/primary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f0500ce
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mtrl_calendar_selection_frame = 0x7f090156
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f050064
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/SharedValueId = 0x7f030002
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f120199
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/toolbar = 0x7f09021a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_16 = 0x7f090018
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_goneMarginTop = 0x7f030244
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_10 = 0x7f090012
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/common_google_play_services_update_text = 0x7f110034
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionDurationLong1 = 0x7f03029b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mobile_navigation = 0x7f090148
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/SHIFT = 0x7f090007
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/middle = 0x7f090146
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/material_textinput_timepicker = 0x7f09013d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/material_timepicker_ok_button = 0x7f090142
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.Design.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f120255
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/material_timepicker_mode_button = 0x7f090141
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/on = 0x7f090184
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f12007d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_snackbar_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0600e9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/material_timepicker_edit_text = 0x7f090140
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/chipSpacingHorizontal = 0x7f0300af
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/material_timepicker_container = 0x7f09013f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/material_hour_tv = 0x7f090139
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/test_navigation_bar_height = 0x7f0601a1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f050022
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/material_clock_hand = 0x7f090134
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/material_clock_face = 0x7f090133
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mainFragment = 0x7f09012e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f12002e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/layout = 0x7f09011c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/MaterialTextAppearance = 0x7f13005a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid.Inverse = 0x7f120225
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/RangeSlider = 0x7f13007c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/etEmail = 0x7f0900d7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/textView7 = 0x7f09020a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_normal = 0x7f07006c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/toolbarId = 0x7f0303db
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/line = 0x7f090121
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tvCountResponse = 0x7f090229
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/material_motion_duration_long_1 = 0x7f0a000b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/test_toolbar = 0x7f0c0089
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/jumpToEnd = 0x7f090119
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f120135
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/jobName = 0x7f090117
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/carousel_infinite = 0x7f030092
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textureHeight = 0x7f0303b7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/KeyTrigger = 0x7f130048
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/notification_main_column_container = 0x7f090182
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ClockFaceView = 0x7f130020
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/common_google_play_services_install_button = 0x7f11002c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f120194
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1200de
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f12014b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/item_touch_helper_previous_elevation = 0x7f090116
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/google_app_id = 0x7f110045
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/month_title = 0x7f09014e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/italic = 0x7f090115
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/autoCompleteToStart = 0x7f090062
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector = 0x7f0500ba
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/add_address = 0x7f11001b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Caption = 0x7f120179
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/inward = 0x7f090114
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/background_material_dark = 0x7f05001f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/constraint = 0x7f090095
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/chipIcon = 0x7f0300a7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/EditTextStyle = 0x7f1200e7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton.Icon = 0x7f120276
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/AlertDialog = 0x7f130007
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_light = 0x7f070030
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/snapMargins = 0x7f0901d6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/iconPadding = 0x7f0301c5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/nav_app_bar_navigate_up_description = 0x7f110083
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tag_state_description = 0x7f0901fa
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f120085
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/inputPassword = 0x7f09010e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_picker_header_toggle = 0x7f0c0070
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/primary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f0500cc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/design_text_input_end_icon = 0x7f0c0030
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/flow_horizontalGap = 0x7f03018d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/StateListDrawable = 0x7f13008b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_menu_sym_shortcut_label = 0x7f110010
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/enforceTextAppearance = 0x7f03015f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/ignore = 0x7f090104
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/ifRoom = 0x7f090103
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/elevation = 0x7f030154
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/btn_radio_on_to_off_mtrl_animation = 0x7f070062
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/common_google_play_services_install_text = 0x7f11002d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_searchview_description_query = 0x7f110014
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/tooltip_vertical_padding = 0x7f0601ad
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/id_otp = 0x7f090102
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_major = 0x7f06001c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/MaterialCardView = 0x7f130056
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f12005d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f120200
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/radial = 0x7f09019b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_default_color_on_background = 0x7f05004f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_slider_active_track_color = 0x7f050087
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/search_button = 0x7f0901bb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/Capability = 0x7f130019
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/quantizeMotionPhase = 0x7f0302fc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/icon_only = 0x7f090101
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/bounceBoth = 0x7f09006b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_grey_800 = 0x7f050079
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/onCross = 0x7f0302c5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_side_padding = 0x7f06016e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/MotionEffect = 0x7f130063
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/material_motion_duration_medium_2 = 0x7f0a000e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/behavior_autoHide = 0x7f030058
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/ic_add = 0x7f0900fe
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f120136
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/primary_material_dark = 0x7f0500c9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/horizontal_only = 0x7f0900fd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_singlechoice = 0x7f0c005b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/notify_panel_notification_icon_bg = 0x7f0700c4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/homeAsUp = 0x7f0900fb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/transition_position = 0x7f090223
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_icon_text_spacing = 0x7f06012e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_card_spacing = 0x7f06011f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/hideable = 0x7f0900f9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/graph_wrap = 0x7f0900f3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1201d3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/fill_vertical = 0x7f0900e2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/first_create_resume = 0x7f0900e5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet = 0x7f120120
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/fill = 0x7f0900e0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/CTRL = 0x7f090003
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/CardView.Dark = 0x7f1200e5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/content = 0x7f0300f5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:mipmap/ic_launcher = 0x7f0e0000
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomEnd = 0x7f03006f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/errorTextAppearance = 0x7f030167
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070052
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/viewType = 0x7f030403
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.BarSize = 0x7f1201c3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/easeInOut = 0x7f0900c6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_dark_default_color_on_secondary = 0x7f050045
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/easeIn = 0x7f0900c5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionOverflowMenuStyle = 0x7f030024
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/ripple_material_dark = 0x7f0500d3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/dragStart = 0x7f0900c2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/dragLeft = 0x7f0900c0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/actionUp = 0x7f090032
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/verticalOffset = 0x7f0303fd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/bounceEnd = 0x7f09006c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f120022
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_navigate_to_year_description = 0x7f110071
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/transition_transform = 0x7f090225
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/dragEnd = 0x7f0900bf
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020013
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f120081
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/dialog_button = 0x7f0900b4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/design_navigation_view = 0x7f0900b3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/design_menu_item_text = 0x7f0900b2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/appBarLayoutStyle = 0x7f030035
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_default_width = 0x7f06014f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/password_toggle = 0x7f09018e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textLocale = 0x7f0303af
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f0900b0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonStyle = 0x7f030175
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/design_bottom_sheet = 0x7f0900af
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/default_activity_button = 0x7f0900ac
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/stop = 0x7f0901eb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/notification_action_text_size = 0x7f060189
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f120268
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/date_picker_actions = 0x7f0900a8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.Primary = 0x7f120263
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/line1 = 0x7f090122
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:font/tahoma = 0x7f080000
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f07000d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f120080
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text = 0x7f1200f2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.DifferentCornerSize = 0x7f12011f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/userImage = 0x7f09023a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/googleLogin = 0x7f0900f1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/adjust_width = 0x7f090050
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_1 = 0x7f090011
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f1201c2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialCalendarFullscreenTheme = 0x7f03026e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_large_component = 0x7f060164
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionEasingEmphasized = 0x7f0302a3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/editState = 0x7f0900cb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/reverseLayout = 0x7f030314
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/cw_270 = 0x7f0900a5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding = 0x7f060131
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialCalendarHeaderToggleButton = 0x7f030275
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/cw_180 = 0x7f0900a4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/customPanel = 0x7f0900a1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/currentState = 0x7f09009f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.Design.Hint = 0x7f12016f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/character_counter_overflowed_content_description = 0x7f110024
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/clip_horizontal = 0x7f09008f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f1200ad
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/clear_text = 0x7f09008e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/onHide = 0x7f0302c6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.Icon = 0x7f120274
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f1200d6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabContentStart = 0x7f03036e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.Design.AppBarLayout = 0x7f120254
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/chip3 = 0x7f09008a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/drawerLayoutStyle = 0x7f03014c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/ln2 = 0x7f090128
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_textinput_caption_translate_y = 0x7f060090
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/abc_tint_edittext = 0x7f050015
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/spread = 0x7f0901dd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/contentPaddingLeft = 0x7f030100
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f12009c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tooltipText = 0x7f0303e1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.BottomLeftDifferentCornerSize = 0x7f12011c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/checkboxStyle = 0x7f030099
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/search_close_btn = 0x7f0901bc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f1200c1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/checkbox = 0x7f090085
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/add_24 = 0x7f070056
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_text_cursor_material = 0x7f07004c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/carousel_firstView = 0x7f030090
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f1200d0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_23 = 0x7f090020
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/fragment_fast_out_extra_slow_in = 0x7f01001f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f1200fa
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_compact_width = 0x7f06014e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/center = 0x7f090080
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/gone = 0x7f0900f0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_height = 0x7f0600a9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f06013a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/carryVelocity = 0x7f09007f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tab_layout = 0x7f0901f1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/pathMotionArc = 0x7f0302de
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/cancel_button = 0x7f09007d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/btnPublish = 0x7f090077
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f120213
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/btnLogin = 0x7f090076
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_action_bar_up_container = 0x7f0c0001
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f12017a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/btnContinue = 0x7f090075
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f12009d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/TextEffects = 0x7f130093
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/browser_actions_menu_item_icon = 0x7f09006f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_badge_text_size = 0x7f0600ce
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_component_1 = 0x7f07008f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/test_mtrl_calendar_day_cornerSize = 0x7f06019c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/browser_actions_header_text = 0x7f09006e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ViewTransition = 0x7f1300a0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/bounce = 0x7f09006a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_menu_alt_shortcut_label = 0x7f110008
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_clock_hand_stroke_width = 0x7f0600a7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/design_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020002
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/errorIconDrawable = 0x7f030164
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/common_google_play_services_enable_button = 0x7f110029
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/bottom = 0x7f090069
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/title = 0x7f0303ce
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/blocking = 0x7f090068
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date = 0x7f1201f8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f060028
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_searchview_description_submit = 0x7f110016
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker = 0x7f1202ca
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_day_of_week_column_header = 0x7f11006c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/auto = 0x7f09005f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/ln3 = 0x7f090129
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/endIconMode = 0x7f03015b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/material_cursor_drawable = 0x7f0700a4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel.CenterStacked = 0x7f1200f1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_grey_50 = 0x7f050077
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/asConfigured = 0x7f09005d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/cw_0 = 0x7f0900a3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/contentInsetEndWithActions = 0x7f0300f8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionModePasteDrawable = 0x7f03001b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/enterAlways = 0x7f0900d4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_collapse_spec = 0x7f020018
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/all = 0x7f090053
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/adjust_height = 0x7f09004f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_dark_default_color_on_surface = 0x7f050046
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon = 0x7f1200ee
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult = 0x7f070037
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f120053
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/add_profession = 0x7f09004e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/add_description = 0x7f09004c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/inputFullName = 0x7f09010d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/actions = 0x7f090048
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/NavAction = 0x7f130069
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/action_text = 0x7f090047
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/action_splashFragment2_to_mainFragment = 0x7f090046
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/notification_bg_normal_pressed = 0x7f0700bf
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/material_hour_text_input = 0x7f090138
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemRadius = 0x7f0301eb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/sawtooth = 0x7f0901b1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/switchTextAppearance = 0x7f03036c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f120292
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/material_timepicker_view = 0x7f090143
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ConstraintLayout_ReactiveGuide = 0x7f130028
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/scrollIndicatorDown = 0x7f0901b5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_28 = 0x7f090025
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/action_mode_bar = 0x7f090043
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_notifications_black_24dp = 0x7f07009c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/expandedTitleMargin = 0x7f03016e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f1200c7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_9 = 0x7f09002f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_ic_voice_search_api_material = 0x7f070028
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/sharedValueUnset = 0x7f0901c8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemStrokeWidth = 0x7f0301f6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mtrl_calendar_months = 0x7f090155
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/custom = 0x7f0900a0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_8 = 0x7f09002e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/notification_bg_normal = 0x7f0700be
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/item_spinner = 0x7f0c0046
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f1201f1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_30 = 0x7f090028
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/def_drawer_elevation = 0x7f060060
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/KeyFramesAcceleration = 0x7f130044
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/suggestionRowLayout = 0x7f030368
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/sharedValueSet = 0x7f0901c7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_textinput_start_icon_margin_end = 0x7f060180
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_24 = 0x7f090021
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_selected = 0x7f110069
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_google_icon = 0x7f070093
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_21 = 0x7f09001e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/measureWithLargestChild = 0x7f03028a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:interpolator/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1 = 0x7f0b0001
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_material = 0x7f070017
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_2 = 0x7f09001c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_12 = 0x7f090014
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_ic_ab_back_material = 0x7f07001c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialTimePickerTheme = 0x7f030280
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/material_timepicker_am = 0x7f110059
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.DayNight = 0x7f1201dc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/TOP_END = 0x7f09000c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/SYM = 0x7f09000b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f0c0029
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/thumbStrokeWidth = 0x7f0303c0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/endIconCheckable = 0x7f030158
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/SHOW_PATH = 0x7f090009
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/META = 0x7f090005
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f120090
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/PinWidget.PinView = 0x7f1200f5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/BOTTOM_END = 0x7f090001
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/add_portfolio = 0x7f11001d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_20 = 0x7f09001d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_calendar_selected_range = 0x7f05009a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemHeight = 0x7f0301e3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/wave = 0x7f0700cd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl = 0x7f07004e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet = 0x7f120271
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/flip = 0x7f0900e8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f12028a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_ratingbar_indicator_material = 0x7f070039
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/notification_tile_bg = 0x7f0700c3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/reverseSawtooth = 0x7f0901a4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f12000e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/pathRelative = 0x7f090190
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/notification_template_icon_low_bg = 0x7f0700c2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/closest = 0x7f090092
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_textinput_filled_box_default_background_color = 0x7f0500c1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/notification_template_icon_bg = 0x7f0700c1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle = 0x7f03007a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight = 0x7f1201a9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/fastscroll_minimum_range = 0x7f060095
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f1201c1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/notification_bg_low = 0x7f0700bb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f120097
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/notification_bg = 0x7f0700ba
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/progress_horizontal = 0x7f09019a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_calendar_month_navigation = 0x7f0c0062
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_popupmenu_overlay_color = 0x7f0500b7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Platform.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f120103
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/DrawerLayout = 0x7f130031
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/textinput_helper_text = 0x7f090211
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/mtrl_ic_error = 0x7f0700b3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/targetPackage = 0x7f030389
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/material_label = 0x7f09013a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/mtrl_ic_cancel = 0x7f0700b2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_picker_header_dialog = 0x7f0c006c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_baseline_add_circle_outline_24 = 0x7f070081
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/material_motion_easing_standard = 0x7f110056
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_up = 0x7f0700b1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/fragment_personal_info_0 = 0x7f0c003f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/mtrl_dialog_background = 0x7f0700ae
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_5 = 0x7f09002b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_previous_black_24dp = 0x7f0700aa
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_left_black_24dp = 0x7f0700a8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f1201f5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/material_ic_clear_black_24dp = 0x7f0700a6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/boxStrokeColor = 0x7f030073
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/antiClockwise = 0x7f090059
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/indicatorColor = 0x7f0301d6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/design_layout_snackbar = 0x7f0c0025
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/material_ic_calendar_black_24dp = 0x7f0700a5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout = 0x7f130023
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/forever = 0x7f0900ea
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/$ic_launcher_foreground__0 = 0x7f070006
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/abc_tint_seek_thumb = 0x7f050016
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/landscaping = 0x7f0700a0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/badgeStyle = 0x7f030051
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/ifTagSet = 0x7f0301cc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/match_constraint = 0x7f090130
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_calendar_month_labeled = 0x7f0c0061
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/OnClick = 0x7f130074
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_settings_24 = 0x7f07009f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/groups = 0x7f0900f6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/fontProviderFetchTimeout = 0x7f03019f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:mipmap/ic_launcher_round = 0x7f0e0001
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f120031
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/subtitleCentered = 0x7f030361
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f1201b6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_search = 0x7f07009e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_person = 0x7f07009d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/design_menu_item_action_area_stub = 0x7f0900b1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_close_circle = 0x7f07009b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown = 0x7f12010d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_launcher_foreground = 0x7f070097
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tickColor = 0x7f0303c4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/pin = 0x7f090195
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_delete = 0x7f070091
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel = 0x7f1200f0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/test_design_checkbox = 0x7f0c0085
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f1200b7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_baseline_my_location_24 = 0x7f070089
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl = 0x7f07005b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_baseline_change_24 = 0x7f070084
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f120054
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_baseline_account_box_24 = 0x7f070080
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.ImageButton.ShapeAppearance = 0x7f1202d0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/textEnd = 0x7f090205
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/googleg_standard_color_18 = 0x7f07007f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_slow_in = 0x7f0b0008
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_light = 0x7f070073
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f120209
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Button = 0x7f1202cb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Query = 0x7f120110
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:bool/abc_action_bar_embed_tabs = 0x7f040000
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_normal_background = 0x7f070071
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_box_inner_merged_animation = 0x7f010012
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/text_view_with_line_height_from_style = 0x7f0c008f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_normal = 0x7f070067
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/btn_checkbox_unchecked_to_checked_mtrl_animation = 0x7f07005e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_action_bar_item_background_material = 0x7f070008
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl = 0x7f07005d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/settings_24 = 0x7f0700c8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/MockView = 0x7f130061
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_star_half_black_48dp = 0x7f070047
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f120159
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_slider_inactive_track_color = 0x7f05008a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/disableIntraAutoTransition = 0x7f0900b8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f120076
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_star_black_48dp = 0x7f070046
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/onShow = 0x7f0302c9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f060171
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/spinnerStyle = 0x7f030343
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/intensity = 0x7f0301dd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/AppCompatTextHelper = 0x7f130010
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_seekbar_track_material = 0x7f070043
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/default_web_client_id = 0x7f11003e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ActionMode = 0x7f130004
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/action_bar_spinner = 0x7f090037
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_ratingbar_small_material = 0x7f07003b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/arrowShaftLength = 0x7f03003a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/view_tree_view_model_store_owner = 0x7f090242
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult = 0x7f070038
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_4 = 0x7f09002a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light = 0x7f070034
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_0 = 0x7f090010
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f12018e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light = 0x7f070032
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/scrollIndicatorUp = 0x7f0901b6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f120077
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/mtrl_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_day_selection = 0x7f110080
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark = 0x7f070031
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/showHome = 0x7f0901cc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f120260
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_list_longpressed_holo = 0x7f07002e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_vertical_offset = 0x7f0600d6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_dark = 0x7f070029
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f060078
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_ic_search_api_material = 0x7f070027
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/navigation_bar_item_large_label_view = 0x7f090171
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/colorSecondary = 0x7f0300ea
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/pen_24 = 0x7f0700c5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070026
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/drawableStartCompat = 0x7f030147
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_filled_icon_tint = 0x7f0500a9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/notification_template_part_chronometer = 0x7f0c0077
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070022
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f120072
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f070021
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_baseline_person_24 = 0x7f07008b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/hint_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f060099
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_ic_go_search_api_material = 0x7f070020
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1201ea
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/switch_thumb_material_light = 0x7f0500de
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_ic_clear_material = 0x7f07001e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding_icon = 0x7f060132
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp = 0x7f07001d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f120048
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f120009
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/pv_pin_view_cursor_width = 0x7f060197
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/imagePanY = 0x7f0301d1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Filter = 0x7f120284
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/errorContentDescription = 0x7f030162
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_dialog_material_background = 0x7f07001a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_picker_background_inset = 0x7f0600c9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/buttonPanel = 0x7f09007b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_control_background_material = 0x7f070019
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1201df
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/dragDown = 0x7f0900be
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/buttonIconDimen = 0x7f03007f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_label_cutout_padding = 0x7f06017a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070018
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1200d7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_cab_background_internal_bg = 0x7f070016
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/iconStartPadding = 0x7f0301c7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f1201b9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f120217
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012 = 0x7f070015
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ActivityNavigator = 0x7f130006
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f120079
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/action_mode_bar_stub = 0x7f090044
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_btn_radio_material = 0x7f070010
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1200a6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view = 0x7f0c0006
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/test_navigation_bar_active_text_size = 0x7f06019f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_default = 0x7f06017b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintDimensionRatio = 0x7f030219
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/radio = 0x7f09019c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_btn_check_material_anim = 0x7f07000b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle = 0x7f030079
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_btn_borderless_material = 0x7f070009
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/$avd_show_password__1 = 0x7f070004
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/onNegativeCross = 0x7f0302c7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_textinput_counter_margin_start = 0x7f06017d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f12015c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/$avd_hide_password__2 = 0x7f070002
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/$avd_hide_password__0 = 0x7f070000
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/expand_activities_button = 0x7f0900dd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_touch = 0x7f0601af
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/search_badge = 0x7f0901b9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/test_navigation_bar_label_padding = 0x7f0601a5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/test_navigation_bar_item_min_width = 0x7f0601a4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/header_title = 0x7f0900f8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f120239
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/state_lifted = 0x7f030358
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/test_navigation_bar_icon_size = 0x7f0601a2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableItem = 0x7f130009
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_popup_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c0013
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/deltaRelative = 0x7f0900ad
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/test_navigation_bar_active_item_min_width = 0x7f06019e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f120251
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f12020c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/test_navigation_bar_active_item_max_width = 0x7f06019d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/ghost_view_holder = 0x7f0900ee
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_picker_text_input_date = 0x7f0c0071
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/shapeAppearance = 0x7f030329
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/pv_pin_view_item_spacing = 0x7f06019b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/pv_pin_view_item_size = 0x7f06019a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_vector_test = 0x7f070055
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f120068
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/pv_pin_view_item_radius = 0x7f060199
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/dayTodayStyle = 0x7f03012d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/notification_top_pad = 0x7f060195
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/notification_subtext_size = 0x7f060194
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1202b2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/notification_big_circle_margin = 0x7f06018a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_outlined_icon_tint = 0x7f0500b5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionBarTabStyle = 0x7f03000b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/notification_action_icon_size = 0x7f060188
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text = 0x7f120012
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_transition_shared_axis_slide_distance = 0x7f060187
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/logo = 0x7f0700a1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f050023
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/selectable_job_item_radiobutton = 0x7f0c0081
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/design_ic_visibility_off = 0x7f070079
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f1201d0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tvPhone = 0x7f09022f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_toolbar_default_height = 0x7f060181
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/contentPaddingRight = 0x7f030101
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/abc_config_activityShortDur = 0x7f0a0001
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/notification_background = 0x7f090180
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_vertical_offset = 0x7f0600d0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/fixed_height = 0x7f030184
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_top_material = 0x7f06002e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_switch_thumb_elevation = 0x7f060177
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_height = 0x7f0600f6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/repeat_delay = 0x7f030312
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/checkedTextViewStyle = 0x7f0300a2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Animation.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f120007
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_message_margin_horizontal = 0x7f060175
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabIndicatorColor = 0x7f030375
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_margin = 0x7f060174
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f12022a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout = 0x7f1200e2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Surface = 0x7f1201ec
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mtrl_calendar_main_pane = 0x7f090154
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_slider_widget_height = 0x7f060170
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabIndicatorFullWidth = 0x7f030376
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/state_collapsible = 0x7f030355
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/special_effects_controller_view_tag = 0x7f0901d9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_slider_thumb_radius = 0x7f06016c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accelerate = 0x7f09000e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/lineSpacing = 0x7f030251
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_colored = 0x7f060096
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/notification_icon_background = 0x7f0700c0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_slider_thumb_elevation = 0x7f06016b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/bright_foreground_material_light = 0x7f050027
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/design_snackbar_background = 0x7f07007b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_textfield_search_material = 0x7f070054
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/background_floating_material_light = 0x7f05001e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding_icon = 0x7f06012c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_square_side = 0x7f06016a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_elevation = 0x7f060150
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/thumbColor = 0x7f0303bc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range = 0x7f0c0072
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_padding = 0x7f060168
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_medium_component = 0x7f060165
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_track_thickness = 0x7f060163
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_extra_small = 0x7f06015f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_small = 0x7f06015e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/arc = 0x7f09005c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/abc_fade_in = 0x7f010000
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_medium = 0x7f06015d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_extra_small = 0x7f06015c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemFillColor = 0x7f0301e2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_chip_close_icon_content_description = 0x7f110061
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_medium = 0x7f060178
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/light = 0x7f090120
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/test_radiobutton_android_button_tint = 0x7f090201
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size = 0x7f06015b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_small = 0x7f060159
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f1201ce
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_minWidth = 0x7f060185
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_text_bottom_margin = 0x7f060154
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f060014
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_icon_size = 0x7f060152
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f12006d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_home_black_24dp = 0x7f070094
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/google_round = 0x7f07007d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f060143
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/telltales_tailColor = 0x7f03038a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_active_text_size = 0x7f06014d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f120233
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/btn_get_code = 0x7f090079
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_size = 0x7f06014a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f060149
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/PopupWindow = 0x7f130078
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f010023
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f060148
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/rvProfession = 0x7f0901ab
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_default_margin = 0x7f060146
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/name = 0x7f090168
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_default_icon_size = 0x7f060145
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/action_mainFragment_to_loginFragment = 0x7f09003f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_text_padding = 0x7f060103
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_focused = 0x7f07006f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition = 0x7f13000a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_min_touch_target_size = 0x7f060144
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/triggerSlack = 0x7f0303f6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f060141
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f060140
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/mtrl_tabs_default_indicator = 0x7f0700b7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/indicatorSize = 0x7f0301da
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_large_touch_target = 0x7f06013f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f06013c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f12008d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f060136
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.CardView = 0x7f12000d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f120149
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f060135
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_medium = 0x7f060158
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/drawableEndCompat = 0x7f030143
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintRight_toRightOf = 0x7f03022c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_base = 0x7f060134
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_top_padding = 0x7f060133
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_min_width = 0x7f060130
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_elevation = 0x7f06012a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f120033
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f1201b4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/month_navigation_previous = 0x7f09014d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f060129
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_corner_radius = 0x7f060127
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_bottom_padding = 0x7f060126
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionBarPopupTheme = 0x7f030006
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/item_trade = 0x7f0c0047
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mtrl_picker_header_title_and_selection = 0x7f090160
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/tooltip_frame_dark = 0x7f0700cb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_padding = 0x7f060125
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_chip_text_size = 0x7f060121
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07001f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/bottomSheetStyle = 0x7f03006b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f13004c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/design_layout_tab_icon = 0x7f0c0027
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/design_layout_snackbar_include = 0x7f0c0026
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_chip_pressed_translation_z = 0x7f060120
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/noScroll = 0x7f09017b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_card_elevation = 0x7f06011e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f120250
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1200b8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_card_checked_icon_size = 0x7f06011b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_dashboard_black_24dp = 0x7f070090
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1202b3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_width = 0x7f060119
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/rippleColor = 0x7f030315
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_horizontal_padding = 0x7f060117
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_icon_margin = 0x7f060151
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionContainer = 0x7f120252
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_height = 0x7f060116
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TitleItem = 0x7f120105
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top_fullscreen = 0x7f060114
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/region_heightLessThan = 0x7f03030b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_top = 0x7f060111
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_right_black_24dp = 0x7f0700ab
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom_fullscreen = 0x7f060110
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light = 0x7f05000a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/errorTextColor = 0x7f030168
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_top_padding = 0x7f06010c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/inputState = 0x7f090112
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_height = 0x7f06010b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_month_vertical_padding = 0x7f060109
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tag_transition_group = 0x7f0901fb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_month_horizontal_padding = 0x7f060108
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body2 = 0x7f120177
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/selectable_job_item_checkbox = 0x7f0c0080
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f12007e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_maximum_default_fullscreen_minor_axis = 0x7f060107
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_list_menu_item_radio = 0x7f0c0011
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_height_fullscreen = 0x7f060101
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/leftToRight = 0x7f09011e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0600e6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/menu = 0x7f03028b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/saturation = 0x7f030319
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_height = 0x7f060100
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f12003c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding = 0x7f0600fd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_shape_horizontal_margin = 0x7f06014b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_dialog_background_inset = 0x7f0600fc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/chip2 = 0x7f090089
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/waveShape = 0x7f03040b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week_height = 0x7f0600fb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintRight_toLeftOf = 0x7f03022b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_width = 0x7f0600fa
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_vertical_padding = 0x7f0600f9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_today_stroke = 0x7f0600f8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mtrl_child_content_container = 0x7f09015a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/listMode = 0x7f090125
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_padding = 0x7f0600f2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Today = 0x7f120298
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_confirm_button_min_width = 0x7f0600f0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/design_snackbar_out = 0x7f01001e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0600ec
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionDurationMedium1 = 0x7f03029d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week = 0x7f0c005e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/headerLayout = 0x7f0301af
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/behavior_expandedOffset = 0x7f03005b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/endIconTintMode = 0x7f03015d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_clock_number_text_size = 0x7f0600a8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textAppearanceCaption = 0x7f030391
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_bottom = 0x7f0600e4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_inset = 0x7f0600e1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/flow_maxElementsWrap = 0x7f030193
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_focused_z = 0x7f0600dd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/imageRotate = 0x7f0301d2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_tab_scrollable_min_width = 0x7f06008d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_light = 0x7f070036
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionDurationLong2 = 0x7f03029c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/quantizeMotionSteps = 0x7f0302fd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f120026
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/suffixTextColor = 0x7f030367
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f0600d5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tickMarkTint = 0x7f0303c8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/fixed = 0x7f0900e7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_baseline_favorite_24 = 0x7f070085
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/fabAnimationMode = 0x7f030178
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f12004b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_cursor_width = 0x7f0600af
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_margin = 0x7f0600d4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_material = 0x7f060000
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_ripple_color = 0x7f0500af
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fabOffsetEndMode = 0x7f0600d2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionModeWebSearchDrawable = 0x7f030022
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialButtonOutlinedStyle = 0x7f03026a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f0600e0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/titleCollapseMode = 0x7f0303d0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_date = 0x7f090162
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/borderRound = 0x7f030064
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity = 0x7f06009f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_badge_text_horizontal_edge_offset = 0x7f0600cd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/test_checkbox_android_button_tint = 0x7f0901ff
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/list_item = 0x7f090126
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_badge_horizontal_edge_offset = 0x7f0600ca
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.DialogTitle.Icon = 0x7f120106
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_control_inset_material = 0x7f060019
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/config_navAnimTime = 0x7f0a0005
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/customReference = 0x7f030126
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/select_dialog_item_material = 0x7f0c007d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/expanded_menu = 0x7f0900de
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_mtrl_checked_circle = 0x7f070098
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopStart = 0x7f030072
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/actionDownUp = 0x7f090031
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/chipMinTouchTargetSize = 0x7f0300ad
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_timepicker_dialog_buttons_margin_top = 0x7f0600c4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/nullable = 0x7f0302c2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_font_2_0_box_collapsed_padding_top = 0x7f0600b8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f12007f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_editor_absoluteY = 0x7f03023d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_top = 0x7f0600b6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/constraint_referenced_tags = 0x7f0300f3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/indicatorInset = 0x7f0301d9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom = 0x7f010002
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textAppearanceLineHeightEnabled = 0x7f030399
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_top = 0x7f0600b4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/keyPositionType = 0x7f0301fc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_dodgeInsetEdges = 0x7f03023b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_cursor_inset_top = 0x7f0600ae
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/Layout = 0x7f130049
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_goneMarginLeft = 0x7f030241
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat = 0x7f13004a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f120056
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintVertical_bias = 0x7f030233
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_cursor_inset_bottom = 0x7f0600ad
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/abc_search_url_text = 0x7f05000d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/AppCompatSeekBar = 0x7f13000f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_elevation = 0x7f060123
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_clock_size = 0x7f0600ac
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_baseline_phone_24 = 0x7f07008c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_width = 0x7f0600ab
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f12023c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Body.Text = 0x7f1200eb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_slider_halo_radius = 0x7f060167
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_clock_face_margin_top = 0x7f0600a4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/match_parent = 0x7f090131
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/mtrl_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020017
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/foregroundInsidePadding = 0x7f0301a7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_clock_display_padding = 0x7f0600a3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/design_navigation_item_header = 0x7f0c002b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity = 0x7f06009e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_colored_ripple_color = 0x7f0500ad
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textColorAlertDialogListItem = 0x7f0303a9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame = 0x7f06009d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/path_password_eye = 0x7f110086
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f060012
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/closeIconTint = 0x7f0300ce
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/fastscroll_default_thickness = 0x7f060093
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_tab_text_size_2line = 0x7f06008f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_tab_text_size = 0x7f06008e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f060088
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_snackbar_max_width = 0x7f060086
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/fastScrollVerticalThumbDrawable = 0x7f030181
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/extendMotionSpec = 0x7f030174
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/honorRequest = 0x7f0900fc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_snackbar_background_corner_radius = 0x7f060083
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/listDividerAlertDialog = 0x7f030257
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/values = 0x7f0303fc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_text_size_large_material = 0x7f060048
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f1200c6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f060082
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/hideLineWhenFilled = 0x7f0301b6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/secondary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f0500d7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector_colored = 0x7f0500bb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/fastScrollHorizontalTrackDrawable = 0x7f030180
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionBarItemBackground = 0x7f030005
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1202c6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_snackbar_action_inline_max_width = 0x7f060081
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/closeIconSize = 0x7f0300cc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_material = 0x7f07004a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/dragRight = 0x7f0900c1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_navigation_padding_bottom = 0x7f06007f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f1200fc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f06013b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_fab_size_normal = 0x7f060076
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_expanded_menu_layout = 0x7f0c000d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_fab_size_mini = 0x7f060075
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height = 0x7f060009
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f12003f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/test_navigation_bar_elevation = 0x7f0601a0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_behavior = 0x7f03020a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabIndicatorAnimationDuration = 0x7f030373
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f12013a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionBarSplitStyle = 0x7f030008
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_spinner_textfield_background_material = 0x7f070045
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f120266
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/paddingLeftSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0302d1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_elevation = 0x7f0600da
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/shape = 0x7f030328
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_peek_height_min = 0x7f060071
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/boxStrokeWidth = 0x7f030075
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_elevation = 0x7f06006f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/pv_invisible_image = 0x7f0700c6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f120049
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/primary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f0500cd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_label_padding = 0x7f06006b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/errorEnabled = 0x7f030163
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionButtonStyle = 0x7f03000f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f060068
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_height = 0x7f060067
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/upDuration = 0x7f0303f8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_min_width = 0x7f060064
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f120214
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_light = 0x7f07006a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_appbar_elevation = 0x7f060062
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/onStateTransition = 0x7f0302ca
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f120060
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/notification_media_narrow_margin = 0x7f06018f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_bottom = 0x7f0600b5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/text2 = 0x7f090204
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_height = 0x7f06005e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/appcompat_dialog_background_inset = 0x7f060052
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:xml/standalone_badge = 0x7f140000
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar = 0x7f06004e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f120224
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionBarTheme = 0x7f03000d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_header_material = 0x7f06004a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark = 0x7f050024
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_text_size_headline_material = 0x7f060047
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionEffect_strict = 0x7f0302aa
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_text_size_display_4_material = 0x7f060046
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemCount = 0x7f0301e1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/abc_slide_out_bottom = 0x7f010008
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/chipStrokeColor = 0x7f0300b3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_text_size_display_1_material = 0x7f060043
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/abc_primary_text_material_light = 0x7f05000c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Bridge = 0x7f1201ab
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_text_size_caption_material = 0x7f060042
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/ratio = 0x7f09019d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_text_size_body_2_material = 0x7f060040
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_15 = 0x7f090017
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_switch_padding = 0x7f06003e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_26 = 0x7f090023
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/OnSwipe = 0x7f130075
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_star_big = 0x7f06003b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/forceApplySystemWindowInsetTop = 0x7f0301a6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/flow_lastVerticalStyle = 0x7f030192
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material = 0x7f06003a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/radiobutton_themeable_attribute_color = 0x7f0500d2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_snackbar_text_size = 0x7f06008b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/tv_address = 0x7f110091
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material = 0x7f060038
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_text_size_small_material = 0x7f06004c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/statusBarForeground = 0x7f03035a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format = 0x7f11006d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f12009a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_width = 0x7f060037
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/allStates = 0x7f090055
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f060033
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_time_picker_minimum_screen_height = 0x7f0600c2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/logoDescription = 0x7f030264
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/buttonBarStyle = 0x7f03007c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/notification_bg_low_pressed = 0x7f0700bd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/framePosition = 0x7f0301a8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/action_image = 0x7f09003d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_filled_background_color = 0x7f0500a8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tickVisible = 0x7f0303ca
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_min_width = 0x7f06006a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_list_item_height_material = 0x7f060031
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialCalendarHeaderDivider = 0x7f030271
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tag_accessibility_clickable_spans = 0x7f0901f3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_list_item_height_large_material = 0x7f060030
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_floating_window_z = 0x7f06002f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionDurationMedium2 = 0x7f03029e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right = 0x7f06002b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left = 0x7f06002a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/FullScreenDialogTheme = 0x7f1200e9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_material = 0x7f060024
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/gestureInsetBottomIgnored = 0x7f0301aa
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/circular_image = 0x7f070063
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialCalendarHeaderLayout = 0x7f030272
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1200c5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_anchorGravity = 0x7f030209
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/FUNCTION = 0x7f090004
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title = 0x7f060021
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f1200b6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/buttonTintMode = 0x7f030085
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons = 0x7f060020
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/hoveredFocusedTranslationZ = 0x7f0301c1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/switchStyle = 0x7f03036b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor = 0x7f06001f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/fill_horizontal = 0x7f0900e1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_save = 0x7f110078
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_major = 0x7f06001e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1201ed
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_dark_default_color_error = 0x7f050041
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/PopupWindowBackgroundState = 0x7f130079
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/chipSpacing = 0x7f0300ae
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor = 0x7f06001d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/flow_verticalBias = 0x7f030196
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f120123
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/common_google_signin_btn_tint = 0x7f05003d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/disableHome = 0x7f0900b7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f060139
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/thumbTintMode = 0x7f0303c3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_expand_motion_spec = 0x7f020012
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_dialog_corner_radius_material = 0x7f06001b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/multiChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f0302b7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/roundPercent = 0x7f030318
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_control_corner_material = 0x7f060018
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/shortInfoFragment = 0x7f0901c9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionModeStyle = 0x7f030020
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f060015
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/mtrl_calendar_header_orientation = 0x7f0a0015
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/abc_decor_view_status_guard_light = 0x7f050006
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material = 0x7f06000f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/search_back = 0x7f0500d5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/menuGravity = 0x7f03028c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon1 = 0x7f12010e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material = 0x7f06000b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material = 0x7f060008
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/overshoot = 0x7f090187
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialCalendarTheme = 0x7f030279
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/imageAspectRatioAdjust = 0x7f0301ce
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material = 0x7f060007
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/subtitleTextColor = 0x7f030363
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/fragment_open_enter = 0x7f020007
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/rectangle = 0x7f09019e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/material_motion_duration_long_2 = 0x7f0a000c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/stackFromEnd = 0x7f03034b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f12028c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon = 0x7f120010
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_height_material = 0x7f060002
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionEffect_viewTransition = 0x7f0302ad
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/white = 0x7f0500e7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingRight = 0x7f030261
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/material_value_index = 0x7f090144
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_background = 0x7f0700b4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_list_item_height_small_material = 0x7f060032
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/navigation_profile = 0x7f090177
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_light = 0x7f0500e0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f0500db
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/material_clock_display_divider = 0x7f11004c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/submenuarrow = 0x7f0901ed
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0600e5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/barrierAllowsGoneWidgets = 0x7f030054
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/icon = 0x7f0301c2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/sky = 0x7f0500da
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_blue_grey_950 = 0x7f050071
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f0500d9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Test.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f12012d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f12002d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f120008
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton = 0x7f120275
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/ripple_material_light = 0x7f0500d4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_light = 0x7f050025
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/purple_200 = 0x7f0500cf
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionMenuTextColor = 0x7f030013
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_icon_width = 0x7f060029
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/behavior_fitToContents = 0x7f03005c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/maxHeight = 0x7f030285
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionEffect_start = 0x7f0302a9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/cursorColor = 0x7f03011b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/linear = 0x7f090124
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/primary_material_light = 0x7f0500ca
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/config_tooltipAnimTime = 0x7f0a0006
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/MaterialShape = 0x7f130059
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/notification_right_icon_size = 0x7f060190
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_badge_with_text_radius = 0x7f0600d1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/strokeWidth = 0x7f03035d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabIconTint = 0x7f030370
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/useMaterialThemeColors = 0x7f0303fb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/notification_icon_bg_color = 0x7f0500c6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker = 0x7f120204
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TestThemeWithLineHeightDisabled = 0x7f120134
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/direct = 0x7f0900b6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/shrinkMotionSpec = 0x7f030337
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_default_color_on_primary = 0x7f050051
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/angle = 0x7f030031
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f120094
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/startIconTint = 0x7f030351
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_textinput_default_box_stroke_color = 0x7f0500bf
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/abc_secondary_text_material_dark = 0x7f050011
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_text_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f0500be
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_tabs_legacy_text_color_selector = 0x7f0500bc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/hideAnimationBehavior = 0x7f0301b5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/drawableRightCompat = 0x7f030145
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/bt_close = 0x7f090073
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_star_medium = 0x7f06003c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/triggerReceiver = 0x7f0303f5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f120073
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_outlined_stroke_color = 0x7f0500b6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/etDescription = 0x7f0900d6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_indicator_text_color = 0x7f0500ab
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_filled_stroke_color = 0x7f0500aa
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toTopOf = 0x7f030212
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_fab_bg_color_selector = 0x7f0500a5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/rectangles = 0x7f09019f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout = 0x7f12029e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height = 0x7f060010
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav = 0x7f060001
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_chip_surface_color = 0x7f05009f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_chip_close_icon_tint = 0x7f05009e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_elevation = 0x7f0600dc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_chip_background_color = 0x7f05009d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_title = 0x7f110076
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_animation = 0x7f010016
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_btn_text_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f050095
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_btn_text_btn_bg_color_selector = 0x7f050094
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/mock_label = 0x7f030295
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_btn_bg_color_selector = 0x7f050091
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f1201a7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_timepicker_clock_text_color = 0x7f05008e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/dayInvalidStyle = 0x7f03012a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f12024f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_alert_dialog_material = 0x7f0c0009
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f06002d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/nav_default_pop_exit_anim = 0x7f010028
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/title_information = 0x7f11008f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tvCountView = 0x7f09022a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_timepicker_button_stroke = 0x7f05008d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionTextColorAlpha = 0x7f030026
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/Chip = 0x7f13001c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f1200d9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabInlineLabel = 0x7f030379
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_hovered_z = 0x7f0600de
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_slider_inactive_tick_marks_color = 0x7f050089
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/relative_width = 0x7f030310
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_7 = 0x7f09002d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/test_navigation_bar_text_size = 0x7f0601a7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_grey_900 = 0x7f05007b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/viewTransitionOnNegativeCross = 0x7f030401
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_slider_halo_color = 0x7f050088
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/cut = 0x7f0900a2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/alphabeticModifiers = 0x7f03002f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_navigation_item_text_color = 0x7f0500b2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/mtrl_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a001b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/mock_showDiagonals = 0x7f030298
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/font = 0x7f03019a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_on_surface_emphasis_medium = 0x7f050084
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/bounceStart = 0x7f09006d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/design_snackbar_in = 0x7f01001d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_input_text_to_prefix_suffix_padding = 0x7f0600bc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/message = 0x7f090145
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/btn_remove = 0x7f09007a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding_fullscreen = 0x7f0600fe
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_on_surface_disabled = 0x7f050082
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f120228
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f120064
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_badge_long_text_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0600cb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/inputEmail = 0x7f09010c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/prefixText = 0x7f0302f4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/snackbarButtonStyle = 0x7f03033d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_on_primary_emphasis_medium = 0x7f050081
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomStart = 0x7f030070
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tvTrade = 0x7f090234
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_on_primary_disabled = 0x7f05007f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light = 0x7f050038
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_on_background_emphasis_medium = 0x7f05007e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_grey_600 = 0x7f050078
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/KeyFramesVelocity = 0x7f130045
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_snackbar_extra_spacing_horizontal = 0x7f060085
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark = 0x7f070065
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/hideOnScroll = 0x7f0301b9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_deep_teal_200 = 0x7f050073
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/View = 0x7f13009c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_cursor_color = 0x7f050072
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_blue_grey_900 = 0x7f050070
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/staticLayout = 0x7f0901e9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/highlighted_text_material_light = 0x7f05006e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_letter_spacing = 0x7f0600e2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f060097
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/highlighted_text_material_dark = 0x7f05006d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_cancel = 0x7f0700ce
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/subtitleTextAppearance = 0x7f030362
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/up = 0x7f090238
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/action_mainFragment_to_resumeFragment = 0x7f090040
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_11 = 0x7f090013
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemIconTint = 0x7f0301e8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_scrollFlags = 0x7f030249
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/collapseContentDescription = 0x7f0300d1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/error_color_material_light = 0x7f050069
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/error_color_material_dark = 0x7f050068
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textBackgroundPanY = 0x7f0303a6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/dim_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f050066
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f050065
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_fab_stroke_top_inner_color = 0x7f050060
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_default_color_surface = 0x7f050059
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_default_color_secondary = 0x7f050057
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/month_navigation_bar = 0x7f09014a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/queryHint = 0x7f0302ff
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_default_color_primary_variant = 0x7f050056
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/spinBars = 0x7f030341
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Icon = 0x7f12027a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_default_color_primary = 0x7f050054
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/hide_password_duration = 0x7f0a000a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_default_color_on_surface = 0x7f050053
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/constraintSetStart = 0x7f0300f1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f12015b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_on_background_disabled = 0x7f05007c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/navigation_empty_icon = 0x7f0700b8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_normal = 0x7f070075
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/radioButtonStyle = 0x7f030301
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/maxImageSize = 0x7f030286
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_default_color_on_secondary = 0x7f050052
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_default_color_on_error = 0x7f050050
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_default_color_error = 0x7f05004e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/windowFixedWidthMinor = 0x7f030413
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_dark_default_color_secondary = 0x7f05004a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingLeft = 0x7f030260
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_dark_default_color_primary_dark = 0x7f050048
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/fastscroll_margin = 0x7f060094
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_dark_default_color_primary = 0x7f050047
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/center_horizontal = 0x7f090081
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_dark_default_color_on_error = 0x7f050043
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f120113
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f120066
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/backgroundInsetBottom = 0x7f030047
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/listPreferredItemHeightSmall = 0x7f03025e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_height = 0x7f06006d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/end = 0x7f0900d2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_baseline_arrow_back_24 = 0x7f070083
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_box_stroke_color = 0x7f05003f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_pressed = 0x7f050037
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/NavHostFragment = 0x7f13006e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/switchPadding = 0x7f03036a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_dot_group_animation = 0x7f010015
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/cardCornerRadius = 0x7f030087
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/checkbox_themeable_attribute_color = 0x7f050032
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/errorIconTintMode = 0x7f030166
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_disabled = 0x7f050035
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_dark_default_color_surface = 0x7f05004c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_menu_delete_shortcut_label = 0x7f11000a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/applyMotionScene = 0x7f030036
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tvRegion = 0x7f090232
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/cardview_shadow_end_color = 0x7f050030
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/titleTextColor = 0x7f0303d9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f12008a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/action_loginFragment_to_shortInfoFragment = 0x7f09003e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark = 0x7f050033
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/from_right = 0x7f010021
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/cardview_dark_background = 0x7f05002e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/button_material_dark = 0x7f05002c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/edit_item_porfolio = 0x7f0c0037
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/browser_actions_text_color = 0x7f05002a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f0600b1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/EmptyTheme = 0x7f1200e8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/background_material_light = 0x7f050020
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format_example = 0x7f11006e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/background_floating_material_dark = 0x7f05001d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f12008c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/$avd_show_password__2 = 0x7f070005
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/drawableBottomCompat = 0x7f030142
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tag_unhandled_key_listeners = 0x7f0901fd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material = 0x7f050002
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/windowMinWidthMinor = 0x7f030415
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/windowFixedHeightMinor = 0x7f030411
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f12013c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_extra_offset = 0x7f0601ab
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_fab_ripple_color = 0x7f0500a7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/windowFixedHeightMajor = 0x7f030410
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f120143
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/subMenuArrow = 0x7f03035e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/sin = 0x7f0901cf
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/extraMultilineHeightEnabled = 0x7f030176
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/teal_700 = 0x7f0500e2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/windowActionBar = 0x7f03040d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/decelerateAndComplete = 0x7f0900aa
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/constraints = 0x7f0300f4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/text_input_end_icon = 0x7f09020b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/waveOffset = 0x7f030408
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/material_motion_duration_short_1 = 0x7f0a000f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/warmth = 0x7f030406
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/flow_lastHorizontalBias = 0x7f03018f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_close_24 = 0x7f07008e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/fabAlignmentMode = 0x7f030177
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/wavePeriod = 0x7f030409
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/brightness = 0x7f030077
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/default_dimension = 0x7f060061
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mtrl_anchor_parent = 0x7f090150
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_disabled = 0x7f05003a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/springStiffness = 0x7f030348
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/viewTransitionOnCross = 0x7f030400
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/cardUseCompatPadding = 0x7f03008c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/state_dragged = 0x7f030356
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/transitionToEnd = 0x7f09021f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_margin_left = 0x7f0600aa
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/listChoiceIndicatorSingleAnimated = 0x7f030256
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/useCompatPadding = 0x7f0303fa
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tickMark = 0x7f0303c7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/ttcIndex = 0x7f0303f7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/passwordToggleEnabled = 0x7f0302db
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/transitionPathRotate = 0x7f0303f2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_menu_space_shortcut_label = 0x7f11000f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical = 0x7f060089
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_activitychooserview_choose_application = 0x7f110005
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_text_size_medium_material = 0x7f060049
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/statusBarBackground = 0x7f030359
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/trackColor = 0x7f0303e6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemIconPadding = 0x7f0301e6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f1200d5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/info = 0x7f090109
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/civ_border_color = 0x7f0300bf
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/abc_tint_spinner = 0x7f050017
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/minSeparation = 0x7f030291
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f120016
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/dividerPadding = 0x7f03013c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/backgroundInsetTop = 0x7f03004a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/linearProgressIndicatorStyle = 0x7f030253
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/titleMarginStart = 0x7f0303d5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/mtrl_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020016
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/fastScrollVerticalTrackDrawable = 0x7f030182
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/titleMarginEnd = 0x7f0303d4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/titleMarginBottom = 0x7f0303d3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/shapeAppearanceMediumComponent = 0x7f03032b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/primary_dark_material_light = 0x7f0500c8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/search_voice_btn = 0x7f0901c2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/titleCentered = 0x7f0303cf
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/badgeTextColor = 0x7f030052
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/behavior_autoShrink = 0x7f030059
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/cos = 0x7f09009c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/drawPath = 0x7f030141
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tintMode = 0x7f0303cd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f1201b7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tilt = 0x7f0303cb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/dragAnticlockwise = 0x7f0900bc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_navigation_separator_vertical_padding = 0x7f060080
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f120058
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_card_view_foreground = 0x7f05009b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/maxCharacterCount = 0x7f030284
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/windowActionModeOverlay = 0x7f03040f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_bottom_padding = 0x7f0600f3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tickColorInactive = 0x7f0303c6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintWidth_max = 0x7f030238
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/bt_save = 0x7f090074
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/spinnerDropDownItemStyle = 0x7f030342
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/circleRadius = 0x7f0300b8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/keylines = 0x7f0301fe
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/flow_verticalGap = 0x7f030197
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/drawableTintMode = 0x7f030149
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintWidth_default = 0x7f030237
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item = 0x7f0c0007
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/masked = 0x7f09012f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f12006a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_top = 0x7f060105
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_textinput_disabled_color = 0x7f0500c0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/scaleFromTextSize = 0x7f03031a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/accent_material_light = 0x7f05001a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/design_fab_background = 0x7f070077
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/common_google_play_services_wear_update_text = 0x7f110037
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/material_motion_easing_accelerated = 0x7f110052
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/thumbTextPadding = 0x7f0303c1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/percentWidth = 0x7f0302e1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_elevation = 0x7f060147
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/counterTextAppearance = 0x7f030117
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/thumbStrokeColor = 0x7f0303bf
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/contentPaddingEnd = 0x7f0300ff
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/thumbRadius = 0x7f0303be
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/submitBackground = 0x7f03035f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/contentScrim = 0x7f030104
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem = 0x7f120107
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/text_view_with_line_height_from_layout = 0x7f0c008e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_27 = 0x7f090024
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/errorIconTint = 0x7f030165
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line = 0x7f0c0018
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_anchor = 0x7f030208
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/thumbElevation = 0x7f0303bd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ViewPager2 = 0x7f13009e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/transitionShapeAppearance = 0x7f0303f3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/NO_DEBUG = 0x7f090006
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/app_bar_main = 0x7f09005b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/ifTagNotSet = 0x7f0301cb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/logo = 0x7f030263
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_title = 0x7f11006a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f050097
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f120018
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/thickness = 0x7f0303bb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_6 = 0x7f09002c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/themeLineHeight = 0x7f0303ba
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialCalendarStyle = 0x7f030278
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/popUpTo = 0x7f0302ee
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_menu_enter_shortcut_label = 0x7f11000b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/theme = 0x7f0303b9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_pressed = 0x7f05003c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/panelMenuListTheme = 0x7f0302d7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/yearTodayStyle = 0x7f030419
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textureWidth = 0x7f0303b8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Calendar = 0x7f1201f9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_timepicker_button_background = 0x7f05008c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_clock_black_24dp = 0x7f07008d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/transitionDisable = 0x7f0303ef
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textStartPadding = 0x7f0303b4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f06009b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textPanX = 0x7f0303b2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textOutlineThickness = 0x7f0303b1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/alertDialogCenterButtons = 0x7f03002a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tvPublish = 0x7f090231
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1201aa
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_action_bar_home_description = 0x7f110000
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_small = 0x7f060161
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionModeFindDrawable = 0x7f03001a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/trackThickness = 0x7f0303eb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/arcMode = 0x7f030037
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textInputLayoutFocusedRectEnabled = 0x7f0303ad
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1201e6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textEndPadding = 0x7f0303ab
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textAppearanceHeadline5 = 0x7f030396
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textColorSearchUrl = 0x7f0303aa
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/Badge = 0x7f130013
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f120037
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/dividerHorizontal = 0x7f03013b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textBackgroundRotate = 0x7f0303a7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/mtrl_card_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textBackgroundPanX = 0x7f0303a5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V26.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f120091
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/abc_tint_default = 0x7f050014
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle1 = 0x7f0303a2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/fabCradleMargin = 0x7f030179
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/abc_tint_switch_track = 0x7f050018
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/image = 0x7f090106
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/transitionEasing = 0x7f0303f0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textBackground = 0x7f0303a4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textureEffect = 0x7f0303b6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f1200bf
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_min_height = 0x7f06012f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/chipIconEnabled = 0x7f0300a8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/textSpacerNoTitle = 0x7f090207
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textAppearancePopupMenuHeader = 0x7f03039e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textAppearanceListItemSmall = 0x7f03039c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification = 0x7f120165
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/counterEnabled = 0x7f030113
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textAppearanceListItem = 0x7f03039a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/path_password_eye_mask_strike_through = 0x7f110087
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textAppearanceHeadline6 = 0x7f030397
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/showAnimationBehavior = 0x7f03032f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_focused = 0x7f07006b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_height = 0x7f060036
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/flow_verticalStyle = 0x7f030198
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textAppearanceHeadline4 = 0x7f030395
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_scrim_color = 0x7f0500b8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_arrowSize = 0x7f060182
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/btn_checkbox_checked_to_unchecked_mtrl_animation = 0x7f07005c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline4 = 0x7f12017e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabUnboundedRipple = 0x7f030387
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f060013
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f120028
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabStyle = 0x7f030384
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/trackColorInactive = 0x7f0303e8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f120247
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/tooltip_background_dark = 0x7f0500e5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabRippleColor = 0x7f030382
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/coordinator = 0x7f09009b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/searchHintIcon = 0x7f03031f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabPaddingStart = 0x7f030380
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabPaddingBottom = 0x7f03037e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_textinput_default_width = 0x7f0600bf
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/common_google_play_services_install_title = 0x7f11002e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabMinWidth = 0x7f03037b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_selected = 0x7f110075
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/dependency_ordering = 0x7f0900ae
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_normal_background = 0x7f070076
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabIndicatorHeight = 0x7f030378
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/collapsedTitleGravity = 0x7f0300d4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog = 0x7f0c0056
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/chronometer = 0x7f09008c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/region_heightMoreThan = 0x7f03030c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005 = 0x7f07003e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_radius = 0x7f06015a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/margin_8 = 0x7f0600a1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_landscape_header_width = 0x7f060106
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabIconTintMode = 0x7f030371
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/constraintSetEnd = 0x7f0300f0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialCalendarHeaderSelection = 0x7f030273
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f120093
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabGravity = 0x7f03036f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/material_clockface_textview = 0x7f0c004d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_dark_default_color_primary_variant = 0x7f050049
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat = 0x7f130008
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_bottom_padding = 0x7f06010a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textAppearanceOverline = 0x7f03039d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/collapsedSize = 0x7f0300d3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/tooltip_frame_light = 0x7f0700cc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/switchMinWidth = 0x7f030369
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/editTextBackground = 0x7f030151
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layoutManager = 0x7f030207
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/firstBaselineToTopHeight = 0x7f030183
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/showAsAction = 0x7f030330
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/suffixTextAppearance = 0x7f030366
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/Transition = 0x7f13009a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tvProfession = 0x7f090230
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/titleMargin = 0x7f0303d2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f120267
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_clock_hand_center_dot_radius = 0x7f0600a5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/statusBarScrim = 0x7f03035b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f12021b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/notification_bg_low_normal = 0x7f0700bc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/drawableSize = 0x7f030146
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/state_liftable = 0x7f030357
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/state_above_anchor = 0x7f030353
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/cornerSizeBottomRight = 0x7f030110
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/browser_actions_menu_items = 0x7f090071
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/startIconDrawable = 0x7f030350
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:xml/standalone_badge_offset = 0x7f140004
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/teal_200 = 0x7f0500e1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat_Layout = 0x7f13004b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f0600eb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/startIconCheckable = 0x7f03034e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/abc_decor_view_status_guard = 0x7f050005
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/ensureMinTouchTargetSize = 0x7f030160
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/startDestination = 0x7f03034d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/staggered = 0x7f03034c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_announce_current_selection = 0x7f110066
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/springStopThreshold = 0x7f030349
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintWidth_min = 0x7f030239
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_grey_100 = 0x7f050075
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/perpendicularPath_percent = 0x7f0302e4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/springMass = 0x7f030347
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/colorOnPrimarySurface = 0x7f0300e2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/startIconTintMode = 0x7f030352
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/checkedIconMargin = 0x7f03009e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/springDamping = 0x7f030346
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/material_motion_easing_linear = 0x7f110055
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textPanY = 0x7f0303b3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/springBoundary = 0x7f030345
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemPadding = 0x7f0301ea
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f120021
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/alertTitle = 0x7f090051
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/splitTrack = 0x7f030344
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/waveVariesBy = 0x7f03040c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/my_color = 0x7f0500c4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/snackbarTextViewStyle = 0x7f03033f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionStagger = 0x7f0302b2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/snackbarStyle = 0x7f03033e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/curveFit = 0x7f03011d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/material_timepicker_clock_mode_description = 0x7f11005a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/showPaths = 0x7f030334
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/flow_horizontalStyle = 0x7f03018e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_card_view_ripple = 0x7f05009c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f120063
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionEasingStandard = 0x7f0302a5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/topPanel = 0x7f09021d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/showDelay = 0x7f030331
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/cardview_default_radius = 0x7f060057
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/mock_showLabel = 0x7f030299
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabIndicatorAnimationMode = 0x7f030374
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/attributeName = 0x7f03003b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/buttonGravity = 0x7f03007e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/customNavigationLayout = 0x7f030124
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textAppearanceBody1 = 0x7f03038e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabPaddingTop = 0x7f030381
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/shapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f03032c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/spanCount = 0x7f030340
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material = 0x7f06000c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/defaultNavHost = 0x7f03012f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/setsTag = 0x7f030327
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/selectorSize = 0x7f030326
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/alertDialogButtonGroupStyle = 0x7f030029
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1200aa
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:font/tahomabd = 0x7f080001
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/seekBarStyle = 0x7f030322
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/fab_transformation_scrim_behavior = 0x7f110041
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/trackHeight = 0x7f0303ea
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f13002c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/test_checkbox_app_button_tint = 0x7f090200
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/searchIcon = 0x7f030320
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/scrimVisibleHeightTrigger = 0x7f03031e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/path_password_eye_mask_visible = 0x7f110088
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/unlabeled = 0x7f090237
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/scrimBackground = 0x7f03031d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/autoCompleteTextViewStyle = 0x7f03003d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/scopeUris = 0x7f03031b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f120087
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/rotationCenterId = 0x7f030316
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/test_navigation_bar_shadow_height = 0x7f0601a6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/iconGravity = 0x7f0301c4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_dark_default_color_background = 0x7f050040
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f120089
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/region_widthLessThan = 0x7f03030d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/autoSizeMaxTextSize = 0x7f03003e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_material = 0x7f06000e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/viewInflaterClass = 0x7f0303fe
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionProviderClass = 0x7f030025
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/reactiveGuide_applyToConstraintSet = 0x7f030308
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/placeholderTextColor = 0x7f0302e9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/animateToStart = 0x7f090058
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f1201bf
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/methodName = 0x7f03028d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/onPositiveCross = 0x7f0302c8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_22 = 0x7f09001f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/ratingBarStyleIndicator = 0x7f030304
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/dragUp = 0x7f0900c3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/queryBackground = 0x7f0302fe
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/minHeight = 0x7f03028f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_time_picker_minimum_screen_width = 0x7f0600c3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/continuousVelocity = 0x7f09009a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/ratingBarStyle = 0x7f030303
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/progressBarPadding = 0x7f0302f9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/pressedTranslationZ = 0x7f0302f8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/popupMenuStyle = 0x7f0302f1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/popupMenuBackground = 0x7f0302f0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f12000c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_default_color_primary_dark = 0x7f050055
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionViewClass = 0x7f030027
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/navigation_bar_item_labels_group = 0x7f090170
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemShapeInsetBottom = 0x7f0301f0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/checkedIconEnabled = 0x7f03009d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/polarRelativeTo = 0x7f0302eb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/cornerFamilyTopLeft = 0x7f03010b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/placeholder_emptyVisibility = 0x7f0302ea
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_search_hint = 0x7f110012
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/flow_firstVerticalBias = 0x7f030189
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/placeholderTextAppearance = 0x7f0302e8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f12029b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionMenuTextAppearance = 0x7f030012
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/pivotAnchor = 0x7f0302e6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/carousel_touchUpMode = 0x7f030095
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/pinViewStyle = 0x7f0302e5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabTextAppearance = 0x7f030385
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/popupWindowStyle = 0x7f0302f3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/percentX = 0x7f0302e2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintRight_creator = 0x7f03022a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/path_percent = 0x7f0302df
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/browser_actions_context_menu_max_width = 0x7f060053
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/notification_main_column_padding_top = 0x7f06018e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/panelBackground = 0x7f0302d6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/RecyclerView = 0x7f13007e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/paddingTopSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0302d5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_major = 0x7f060022
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintCircle = 0x7f030216
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionModeCloseContentDescription = 0x7f030016
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/paddingTopNoTitle = 0x7f0302d4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/colorControlNormal = 0x7f0300dd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/fontProviderFetchStrategy = 0x7f03019e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.SearchView = 0x7f120237
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_minHeight = 0x7f060184
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/paddingRightSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0302d2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/normal = 0x7f09017e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_timepicker_modebutton_tint = 0x7f050090
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/paddingEnd = 0x7f0302d0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/edit_item_profession = 0x7f0c0038
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/overlay = 0x7f0302cd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f12004f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialAlertDialogTitleTextStyle = 0x7f030269
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/navigationViewStyle = 0x7f0302be
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_ic_menu_overflow_material = 0x7f070023
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionPath = 0x7f0302af
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionEffect_alpha = 0x7f0302a6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/lineColor = 0x7f03024f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintTop_toBottomOf = 0x7f030231
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionEasingLinear = 0x7f0302a4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f1201bc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/nestedScrollable = 0x7f0302c1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/action_bar_container = 0x7f090035
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/counterOverflowTextAppearance = 0x7f030115
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/hideOnContentScroll = 0x7f0301b8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingStart = 0x7f030262
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/customColorDrawableValue = 0x7f03011f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/activity_chooser_view_content = 0x7f090049
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/contentInsetRight = 0x7f0300fa
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_stroke_size = 0x7f0600ea
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f12023b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f120027
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemTextColor = 0x7f0301fa
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f120055
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/mock_labelColor = 0x7f030297
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f12020b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/mock_labelBackgroundColor = 0x7f030296
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toBaselineOf = 0x7f030210
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/CardView = 0x7f1200e4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/subtitle = 0x7f030360
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/filled = 0x7f0900e3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/test_mtrl_calendar_day = 0x7f0500e3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/backgroundInsetStart = 0x7f030049
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/PropertySet = 0x7f13007a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/minTouchTargetSize = 0x7f030292
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/maxLines = 0x7f030287
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/fontStyle = 0x7f0301a3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabPadding = 0x7f03037d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialTimePickerStyle = 0x7f03027f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/outline = 0x7f090185
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_textinput_hovered_box_stroke_color = 0x7f0500c3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layoutDuringTransition = 0x7f030206
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialThemeOverlay = 0x7f03027e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/btn_radio_off_to_on_mtrl_animation = 0x7f070060
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/keyboardIcon = 0x7f0301fd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialCircleRadius = 0x7f03027c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon = 0x7f12028f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/startHorizontal = 0x7f0901e6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialCardViewStyle = 0x7f03027b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/destination = 0x7f030135
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/mimeType = 0x7f03028e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/reactiveGuide_animateChange = 0x7f030306
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/primary_dark_material_dark = 0x7f0500c7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_normal = 0x7f070070
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintStart_toStartOf = 0x7f03022e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialCalendarDay = 0x7f03026d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/action_container = 0x7f09003a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mtrl_calendar_frame = 0x7f090153
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f120201
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/chainUseRtl = 0x7f030098
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f120223
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialButtonToggleGroupStyle = 0x7f03026c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f120088
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialAlertDialogTitleIconStyle = 0x7f030267
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialAlertDialogTheme = 0x7f030266
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f120024
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/fragment_splash = 0x7f0c0043
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f12021e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/fontWeight = 0x7f0301a5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/chipGroupStyle = 0x7f0300a6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/TextAppearance = 0x7f130092
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/paddingBottomSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0302cf
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingEnd = 0x7f03025f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/enterAnim = 0x7f030161
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format_use = 0x7f11006f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/listPreferredItemHeightLarge = 0x7f03025d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/design_bottom_sheet_dialog = 0x7f0c0024
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/trackTintMode = 0x7f0303ed
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/listPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f03025c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionModeShareDrawable = 0x7f03001e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/listItemLayout = 0x7f030258
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionModeSplitBackground = 0x7f03001f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f1200f9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/material_motion_duration_medium_1 = 0x7f0a000d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical_2lines = 0x7f06008a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_searchview_description_clear = 0x7f110013
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/lineWidth = 0x7f030252
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/lineHeight = 0x7f030250
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motion_triggerOnCollision = 0x7f0302b5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/fragment_resume = 0x7f0c0041
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_keyline = 0x7f030246
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/colorPrimary = 0x7f0300e5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation = 0x7f01001a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialButtonStyle = 0x7f03026b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintWidth = 0x7f030236
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/borderlessButtonStyle = 0x7f030067
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/spring = 0x7f0901df
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_goneMarginRight = 0x7f030242
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/waveDecay = 0x7f030407
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/MaterialRadioButton = 0x7f130058
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/cornerSizeBottomLeft = 0x7f03010f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_card_corner_radius = 0x7f06011c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/startVertical = 0x7f0901e8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/fragment_container_view_tag = 0x7f0900eb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_chainStyle = 0x7f030225
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_emphasis_disabled = 0x7f0600b0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/expandedHintEnabled = 0x7f03016c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_textinput_max_width = 0x7f0600c0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0600ed
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/toolbarNavigationButtonStyle = 0x7f0303dc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_disabled = 0x7f050096
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/buttonBarButtonStyle = 0x7f030078
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/RadialViewGroup = 0x7f13007b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/avd_show_password = 0x7f070058
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/material_ic_menu_arrow_up_black_24dp = 0x7f0700ad
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f13005c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/listChoiceBackgroundIndicator = 0x7f030254
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintLeft_toRightOf = 0x7f030229
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/singleSelection = 0x7f03033a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/circularflow_radiusInDP = 0x7f0300bd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_text_size_subhead_material = 0x7f06004d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/customDimension = 0x7f030121
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_weight = 0x7f030226
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title.Inverse = 0x7f12015a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_range_start = 0x7f090164
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/fabCradleRoundedCornerRadius = 0x7f03017a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/material_minute_suffix = 0x7f110051
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintGuide_percent = 0x7f03021e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_outer_merged_animation = 0x7f010010
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_dark_default_color_on_primary = 0x7f050044
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_collapseMode = 0x7f03020b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_bias = 0x7f030224
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/Carousel = 0x7f13001b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/flow_padding = 0x7f030194
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/popExitAnim = 0x7f0302ed
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/backgroundStacked = 0x7f03004d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/homeLayout = 0x7f0301bf
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline2 = 0x7f12017c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/position = 0x7f090196
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialCalendarMonth = 0x7f030276
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/design_navigation_item_subheader = 0x7f0c002d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialCalendarHeaderConfirmButton = 0x7f030270
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/homeAsUpIndicator = 0x7f0301be
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemStrokeColor = 0x7f0301f5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/closeIconEnabled = 0x7f0300ca
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_fab_border_width = 0x7f060072
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/fixed_width = 0x7f030185
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/cornerSizeTopLeft = 0x7f030111
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1201c4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_fab_shadow_end_color = 0x7f05005b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionBarDivider = 0x7f030004
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/linear_indeterminate_line1_tail_interpolator = 0x7f02000a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemShapeInsetStart = 0x7f0301f2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemShapeInsetEnd = 0x7f0301f1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemRippleColor = 0x7f0301ec
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_font_1_3_box_collapsed_padding_top = 0x7f0600b7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/backgroundInsetEnd = 0x7f030048
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/backgroundColor = 0x7f030046
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/expanded = 0x7f03016b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/height = 0x7f0301b0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemIconSize = 0x7f0301e7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/customIntegerValue = 0x7f030123
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/maxVelocity = 0x7f030288
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemHorizontalPadding = 0x7f0301e4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/borderRoundPercent = 0x7f030065
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation = 0x7f010017
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/argType = 0x7f030038
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/compat_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f06005c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_navigation_item_background_color = 0x7f0500b0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/fontProviderCerts = 0x7f03019d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/indicatorDirectionLinear = 0x7f0301d8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/text_view_with_line_height_from_appearance = 0x7f0c008d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/indicatorDirectionCircular = 0x7f0301d7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/indeterminateAnimationType = 0x7f0301d4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/fastScrollHorizontalThumbDrawable = 0x7f03017f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/NavArgument = 0x7f13006a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/$avd_show_password__0 = 0x7f070003
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/primary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f0500cb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f050007
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f120029
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/fontProviderSystemFontFamily = 0x7f0301a2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/cardview_default_elevation = 0x7f060056
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/abc_color_highlight_material = 0x7f050004
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/dim_foreground_material_light = 0x7f050067
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f12000b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/hintEnabled = 0x7f0301bb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f12028d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintGuide_end = 0x7f03021d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/buttonPanelSideLayout = 0x7f030080
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/helperTextTextColor = 0x7f0301b4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/yearSelectedStyle = 0x7f030417
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/haloRadius = 0x7f0301ae
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_bottom = 0x7f060104
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/fontProviderPackage = 0x7f0301a0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f120019
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/graph = 0x7f0301ac
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/selectableItemBackgroundBorderless = 0x7f030324
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/google_play_services_version = 0x7f0a0009
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/insetForeground = 0x7f0301dc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/toolbarStyle = 0x7f0303dd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f120015
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/$avd_hide_password__1 = 0x7f070001
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f120000
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionPathRotate = 0x7f0302b0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/suffixText = 0x7f030365
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/toggle = 0x7f090219
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f06007c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar = 0x7f12026b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/maxAcceleration = 0x7f030281
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialAlertDialogBodyTextStyle = 0x7f030265
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f1200ab
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionInterpolator = 0x7f0302ae
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/backgroundTintMode = 0x7f03004f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f120001
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/telltales_tailScale = 0x7f03038b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintHeight_percent = 0x7f030223
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_text_input_mode = 0x7f110081
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_text_view_test_line_height = 0x7f0600bd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/fontFamily = 0x7f03019b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/Spinner = 0x7f130089
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f12011a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/showText = 0x7f030335
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f120034
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/panelMenuListWidth = 0x7f0302d8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/confirm_button = 0x7f090094
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f06007d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_goneMarginBottom = 0x7f03023f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f12020a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f070044
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/action_menu_presenter = 0x7f090042
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_shape_vertical_margin = 0x7f06014c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_star_small = 0x7f06003d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f120216
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_snackbar_background_color = 0x7f050063
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar = 0x7f1202d1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/floatingActionButtonStyle = 0x7f030186
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TestStyleWithLineHeight = 0x7f12012f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/collapsedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0300d5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/navigationRailStyle = 0x7f0302bd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/motion_base = 0x7f09014f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_corner = 0x7f0600f5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/behavior_peekHeight = 0x7f030060
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/alertDialogTheme = 0x7f03002c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionEffect_move = 0x7f0302a8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_check_path_merged_animation = 0x7f010013
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/nestedScrollFlags = 0x7f0302bf
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/action_bar_activity_content = 0x7f090034
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/hintTextColor = 0x7f0301bd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textAppearanceListItemSecondary = 0x7f03039b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_switch_thumb_material = 0x7f070048
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/uniform = 0x7f090236
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/abc_popup_enter = 0x7f010003
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_dialog_btn_min_width = 0x7f0600d9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f120235
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1200fe
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_marginBaseline = 0x7f030247
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f1201b1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemShapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f0301ee
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0600f7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tooltipForegroundColor = 0x7f0303de
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/indeterminateProgressStyle = 0x7f0301d5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/fabCradleVerticalOffset = 0x7f03017b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/MaterialCheckBox = 0x7f130057
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/compat_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f06005b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/percentY = 0x7f0302e3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a0014
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/customColorValue = 0x7f030120
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout = 0x7f130033
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/expandedTitleMarginStart = 0x7f030171
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/launchSingleTop = 0x7f030203
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_on_primary_text_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f0500b3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_slider_active_tick_marks_color = 0x7f050086
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionLayout = 0x7f030011
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/expandedTitleGravity = 0x7f03016d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f120236
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1202c4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Title = 0x7f12010c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/round = 0x7f030317
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionProgress = 0x7f0302b1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_panel_menu_list_width = 0x7f060034
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/maxButtonHeight = 0x7f030283
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/packed = 0x7f090188
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_text_view_test_line_height_override = 0x7f0600be
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/titleTextStyle = 0x7f0303da
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/MotionTelltales = 0x7f130068
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_light = 0x7f06009c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/animateRelativeTo = 0x7f030033
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/preserveIconSpacing = 0x7f0302f7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/labelStyle = 0x7f030200
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f1201c0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_max_width = 0x7f060069
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:bool/abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps = 0x7f040001
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/repeat_mode = 0x7f030313
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/backgroundSplit = 0x7f03004c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintBottom_creator = 0x7f030213
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/endIconContentDescription = 0x7f030159
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabMode = 0x7f03037c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/ConstraintRotate = 0x7f030000
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintTag = 0x7f03022f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/fontVariationSettings = 0x7f0301a4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/bottomNavigationStyle = 0x7f030069
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/enableEdgeToEdge = 0x7f030157
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/elevationOverlayEnabled = 0x7f030156
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_insetEdge = 0x7f030245
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/editTextStyle = 0x7f030153
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/secondary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f0500d6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/dropoff = 0x7f03014f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/dropDownListViewStyle = 0x7f03014d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/behavior_skipCollapsed = 0x7f030062
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.TextView = 0x7f12024e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f1200ca
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f01001c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialClockStyle = 0x7f03027d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_choice_chip_background_color = 0x7f0500a1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/buttonStyleSmall = 0x7f030083
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/bottom_sheet_behavior = 0x7f110021
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/sertifikat_2 = 0x7f0700c7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/drawableTopCompat = 0x7f03014a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/iconSize = 0x7f0301c6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/srcCompat = 0x7f03034a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_fab_shadow_start_color = 0x7f05005d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f120069
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f120032
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/abc_tooltip_enter = 0x7f01000a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/carousel_forwardTransition = 0x7f030091
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/drawableLeftCompat = 0x7f030144
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintEnd_toEndOf = 0x7f03021a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f120211
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_snackbar_elevation = 0x7f060084
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_default = 0x7f050039
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/chains = 0x7f090084
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/nav_host_fragment_container = 0x7f09016c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/colorPrimaryVariant = 0x7f0300e8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier = 0x7f03020c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/dragDirection = 0x7f03013e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/default_state_text = 0x7f11003d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/passwordToggleContentDescription = 0x7f0302d9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1200d4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/clock_face_margin_start = 0x7f060058
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/autoTransition = 0x7f030043
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/dividerVertical = 0x7f03013d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/material_slider_range_start = 0x7f110058
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/to_right = 0x7f01002a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/labelVisibilityMode = 0x7f030201
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/alpha_from_out2 = 0x7f01000d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/divider = 0x7f03013a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/filter = 0x7f0900e4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f060077
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f12001f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/dialogCornerRadius = 0x7f030136
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/counterclockwise = 0x7f09009d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_material = 0x7f06004b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/circularProgressIndicatorStyle = 0x7f0300b9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/transformPivotTarget = 0x7f0303ee
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f12018f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/barrierDirection = 0x7f030055
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/chip1 = 0x7f090088
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.PrimarySurface = 0x7f120270
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1201f2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07003c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Compact = 0x7f1202ad
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/activityChooserViewStyle = 0x7f030028
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_on_surface_stroke = 0x7f050085
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.NavigationButton = 0x7f1200da
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_color = 0x7f05003e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/nav_default_pop_exit_anim = 0x7f02001d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/bottom_sheet_slide_duration = 0x7f0a0003
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/ImageFilterView = 0x7f13003f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_error = 0x7f0500a4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f120061
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/defaultState = 0x7f030131
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_navigation_icon_padding = 0x7f06007a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/daySelectedStyle = 0x7f03012b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/showCustom = 0x7f0901cb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/duration = 0x7f030150
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tag_on_apply_window_listener = 0x7f0901f6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/etPassword = 0x7f0900d9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/dataPattern = 0x7f030129
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/customPixelDimension = 0x7f030125
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionModeCopyDrawable = 0x7f030018
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/checked = 0x7f090086
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_background_corner_radius = 0x7f060172
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/cursorWidth = 0x7f03011c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/add_portfolio = 0x7f09004d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_tabs_ripple_color = 0x7f0500bd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionBarTabTextStyle = 0x7f03000c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/constraintSet = 0x7f0300ef
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/ghost_view = 0x7f0900ed
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionModeCloseButtonStyle = 0x7f030015
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_menu_ctrl_shortcut_label = 0x7f110009
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle = 0x7f03007b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/circularflow_defaultAngle = 0x7f0300bb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/chain = 0x7f090083
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f1202c1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_text_size = 0x7f060065
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/counterTextColor = 0x7f030118
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/iconTint = 0x7f0301c8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/circleCrop = 0x7f0300b7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/counterMaxLength = 0x7f030114
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/voiceIcon = 0x7f030405
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001 = 0x7f070014
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textAppearanceHeadline2 = 0x7f030393
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/selectableItemBackground = 0x7f030323
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/cornerRadius = 0x7f03010d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/abc_fade_out = 0x7f010001
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/text_notifications = 0x7f09020e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemShapeFillColor = 0x7f0301ef
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/boxBackgroundColor = 0x7f03006c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/wavePhase = 0x7f03040a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/material_radial_view_group = 0x7f0c004f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_alert_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0c000a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_text_size_body_1_material = 0x7f06003f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_calendar_month = 0x7f0c0060
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/cornerFamilyBottomLeft = 0x7f030109
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/chipStrokeWidth = 0x7f0300b4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_top_material = 0x7f060025
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1201ff
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/cornerFamily = 0x7f030108
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/abc_config_activityDefaultDur = 0x7f0a0000
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/goIcon = 0x7f0301ab
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_fab_min_touch_target = 0x7f060138
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_pressed_z = 0x7f0600e8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/MaterialCalendarItem = 0x7f130055
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/cardview_shadow_start_color = 0x7f050031
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/controlBackground = 0x7f030106
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/visibilityMode = 0x7f030404
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/abc_primary_text_material_dark = 0x7f05000b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/split_action_bar = 0x7f0901dc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textFillColor = 0x7f0303ac
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_dimen = 0x7f060011
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/startToEnd = 0x7f0901e7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionEasingDecelerated = 0x7f0302a2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionModePopupWindowStyle = 0x7f03001c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_elevation_material = 0x7f060005
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabPaddingEnd = 0x7f03037f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f120067
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionModeCutDrawable = 0x7f030019
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopEnd = 0x7f030071
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_top = 0x7f0600c8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/editCity = 0x7f0900c9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/contiguous = 0x7f090099
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/cardview_compat_inset_shadow = 0x7f060055
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/action = 0x7f030003
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/carousel_previousState = 0x7f030094
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f120145
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/contentInsetStart = 0x7f0300fb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintCircleRadius = 0x7f030218
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/labeled = 0x7f09011b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/contentInsetLeft = 0x7f0300f9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/mtrl_card_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0a0018
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tint = 0x7f0303cc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/cornerSize = 0x7f03010e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/checkedIconVisible = 0x7f0300a1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/barrier = 0x7f090063
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline5 = 0x7f12017f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/contentDescription = 0x7f0300f6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/helperTextEnabled = 0x7f0301b2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom = 0x7f06010f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/drawableTint = 0x7f030148
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_baseline_alternate_email_24 = 0x7f070082
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_max_width = 0x7f060063
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/nav_default_enter_anim = 0x7f02001a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Line2 = 0x7f120167
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/auto_start = 0x7f030044
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/commitIcon = 0x7f0300ee
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/boxStrokeWidthFocused = 0x7f030076
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/dayStyle = 0x7f03012c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintTop_creator = 0x7f030230
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_expand_spec = 0x7f020019
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f120203
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/listMenuViewStyle = 0x7f03025a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/titleMarginTop = 0x7f0303d6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemTextAppearanceInactive = 0x7f0301f9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/colorSurface = 0x7f0300ec
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/abc_search_url_text_normal = 0x7f05000e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/constraint_referenced_ids = 0x7f0300f2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/path = 0x7f09018f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/helperText = 0x7f0301b1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/cardPreventCornerOverlap = 0x7f03008b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_badge_numberless_content_description = 0x7f110060
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/colorBackgroundFloating = 0x7f0300d9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/colorSecondaryVariant = 0x7f0300eb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/contentPadding = 0x7f0300fd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/searchViewStyle = 0x7f030321
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f1200c8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/colorPrimaryDark = 0x7f0300e6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/fade = 0x7f0900df
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/iconEndPadding = 0x7f0301c3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/chipMinHeight = 0x7f0300ac
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_layout_snackbar = 0x7f0c0066
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_bottom_margin = 0x7f0600d3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/nav_default_pop_enter_anim = 0x7f02001c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/colorOnSecondary = 0x7f0300e3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f12002c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemTextAppearanceActive = 0x7f0301f8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Header.Text.Day = 0x7f1201fb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_margin = 0x7f06006c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/default_country_text = 0x7f11003b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/arrowHeadLength = 0x7f030039
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mtrl_picker_fullscreen = 0x7f09015d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/colorError = 0x7f0300de
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_error = 0x7f05005a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/colorControlActivated = 0x7f0300db
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_wrapBehaviorInParent = 0x7f03024b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light = 0x7f050001
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/liftOnScroll = 0x7f03024c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/fragment_home = 0x7f0c003b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/closeIconEndPadding = 0x7f0300cb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/expandedTitleMarginEnd = 0x7f030170
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown = 0x7f12024b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.Design.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f1201a3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/chipIconTint = 0x7f0300aa
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/clockNumberTextColor = 0x7f0300c8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.Design.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1201a2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/deltaPolarAngle = 0x7f030132
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/custom_dialog = 0x7f0c0022
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/chipCornerRadius = 0x7f0300a4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/civ_circle_background_color = 0x7f0300c2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f12003e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/edit_item_self = 0x7f0c0039
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/customFloatValue = 0x7f030122
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/circularflow_viewCenter = 0x7f0300be
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_card_dragged_z = 0x7f06011d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon2 = 0x7f12010f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/behavior_draggable = 0x7f03005a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/flow_lastHorizontalStyle = 0x7f030190
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textBackgroundZoom = 0x7f0303a8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020014
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f1200cd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/material_hour_selection = 0x7f11004e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tooltipFrameBackground = 0x7f0303df
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/material_minute_tv = 0x7f09013c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_inner_merged_animation = 0x7f01000f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_grey_850 = 0x7f05007a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/chipStyle = 0x7f0300b5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle2 = 0x7f120043
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070007
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_calendar_item_stroke_color = 0x7f050099
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/tvDescription = 0x7f09022c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/action_bar_subtitle = 0x7f090038
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_height = 0x7f0600f1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_colored_item_tint = 0x7f0500ac
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/chipIconSize = 0x7f0300a9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_padding = 0x7f060186
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/chipEndPadding = 0x7f0300a5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/material_ic_edit_black_24dp = 0x7f0700a7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabSelectedTextColor = 0x7f030383
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/chipStartPadding = 0x7f0300b2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/mtrl_btn_stroke_color_selector = 0x7f050093
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/abc_toolbar_collapse_description = 0x7f11001a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/chipBackgroundColor = 0x7f0300a3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemWidth = 0x7f0301fb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemBackground = 0x7f0301e0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f120198
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabMaxWidth = 0x7f03037a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/contentPaddingBottom = 0x7f0300fe
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/checkedIconTint = 0x7f0300a0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/windowMinWidthMajor = 0x7f030414
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Platform.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1200f7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/notification_right_side_padding_top = 0x7f060191
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f120226
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/checkedIcon = 0x7f03009c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/design_password_eye = 0x7f07007a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_fab_stroke_end_inner_color = 0x7f05005e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/chip = 0x7f090087
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/btn_radio_on_mtrl = 0x7f070061
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f1201b2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07003f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/colorControlHighlight = 0x7f0300dc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/popupTheme = 0x7f0302f2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/checkedChip = 0x7f03009b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f120139
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/carousel_touchUp_velocityThreshold = 0x7f030097
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/bottomAppBarStyle = 0x7f030068
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_goneMarginStart = 0x7f030243
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_z = 0x7f0600db
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintTop_toTopOf = 0x7f030232
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_background_overlay_color_alpha = 0x7f060173
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_dark_default_color_secondary_variant = 0x7f05004b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/defaultDuration = 0x7f03012e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_text_size_button_material = 0x7f060041
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_blue_grey_800 = 0x7f05006f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f1200a2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/counterOverflowTextColor = 0x7f030116
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/behavior_saveFlags = 0x7f030061
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/avd_hide_password = 0x7f070057
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1200b0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton = 0x7f12027d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionTarget = 0x7f0302b3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/paddingStart = 0x7f0302d3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/abc_action_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c0002
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_top = 0x7f0600bb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/month_navigation_next = 0x7f09014c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/carousel_emptyViewsBehavior = 0x7f03008f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/cardMaxElevation = 0x7f03008a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/cardForegroundColor = 0x7f030089
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_hint = 0x7f110079
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/flow_firstHorizontalStyle = 0x7f030188
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/common_google_play_services_unsupported_text = 0x7f110032
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/borderWidth = 0x7f030066
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/strokeColor = 0x7f03035c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout = 0x7f030204
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_icon_tint = 0x7f050062
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark = 0x7f1201ee
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f120197
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/colorSwitchThumbNormal = 0x7f0300ed
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/abc_search_url_text_pressed = 0x7f05000f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/helperTextTextAppearance = 0x7f0301b3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/save_overlay_view = 0x7f0901b0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_elevation = 0x7f060128
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/tooltip_background_light = 0x7f0500e6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.Design.TextInputEditText = 0x7f12025d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_only_end_selected = 0x7f110073
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/cardBackgroundColor = 0x7f030086
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layoutDescription = 0x7f030205
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/reverse = 0x7f0901a3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/clearsTag = 0x7f0300c3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_out_of_range = 0x7f110072
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_icon_null_animation = 0x7f010011
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/buttonStyle = 0x7f030082
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/currentState = 0x7f03011a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/autoComplete = 0x7f090060
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/x_left = 0x7f09024c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/checkedButton = 0x7f03009a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/dragClockwise = 0x7f0900bd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f1201fe
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textureBlurFactor = 0x7f0303b5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:integer/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_lines = 0x7f0a0016
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/search_mag_icon = 0x7f0901bf
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_default_color_secondary_variant = 0x7f050058
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/singleLine = 0x7f030339
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f120178
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/contentInsetStartWithNavigation = 0x7f0300fc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f12005a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/fragment_main = 0x7f0c003e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_width = 0x7f06005f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/placeholderText = 0x7f0302e7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1201ba
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemSpacing = 0x7f0301f4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/select_dialog_singlechoice_material = 0x7f0c007f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/colorOnPrimary = 0x7f0300e1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemMaxLines = 0x7f0301e9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/data = 0x7f030128
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/action_bar = 0x7f090033
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/maxActionInlineWidth = 0x7f030282
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/resume_card = 0x7f0901a2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/fragment_close_enter = 0x7f020003
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_unselected = 0x7f110077
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/checkedIconSize = 0x7f03009f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/notification_top_pad_large_text = 0x7f060196
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/behavior_hideable = 0x7f03005e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/numericModifiers = 0x7f0302c4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_default = 0x7f050034
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline3 = 0x7f12017d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/boxBackgroundMode = 0x7f03006d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_vertical_padding = 0x7f060118
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/backgroundTint = 0x7f03004e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_dot_group_animation = 0x7f010018
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f120040
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/contentPaddingTop = 0x7f030103
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/test_toolbar_surface = 0x7f0c008c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/chipIconVisible = 0x7f0300ab
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/view_offset_helper = 0x7f09023d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f12023e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/buttonSize = 0x7f030081
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/cardViewStyle = 0x7f03008d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f120038
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/trackCornerRadius = 0x7f0303e9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f070012
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/badgeGravity = 0x7f030050
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/alpha_from_out = 0x7f01000c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline6 = 0x7f120180
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/design_appbar_state_list_animator = 0x7f020000
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_year_selection = 0x7f110082
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionEffect_end = 0x7f0302a7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/margin_16 = 0x7f0600a0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/horizontalOffset = 0x7f0301c0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1200fb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/materialCalendarHeaderCancelButton = 0x7f03026f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/ln5 = 0x7f09012b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000 = 0x7f07003d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionDropDownStyle = 0x7f030010
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/purple_500 = 0x7f0500d0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/progressBarStyle = 0x7f0302fa
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f12013b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/inputCountry = 0x7f09010b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/navigationContentDescription = 0x7f0302b9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/listLayout = 0x7f030259
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/parentRelative = 0x7f09018c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/flow_verticalAlign = 0x7f030195
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/fragment_fade_exit = 0x7f020006
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle2 = 0x7f0303a3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_text_size = 0x7f06006e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f070025
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_max_width = 0x7f0600e3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionOverflowButtonStyle = 0x7f030023
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/view_tree_saved_state_registry_owner = 0x7f090241
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/fabSize = 0x7f03017d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/test_mtrl_calendar_day_selected = 0x7f0500e4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/background = 0x7f030045
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_dark = 0x7f0500df
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintWidth_percent = 0x7f03023a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_small = 0x7f060179
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/viewTransitionMode = 0x7f0303ff
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/color = 0x7f0300d7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintHeight_min = 0x7f030222
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/abc_slide_in_top = 0x7f010007
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.Design.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f120257
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/nav_default_exit_anim = 0x7f02001b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/alertDialogStyle = 0x7f03002b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/reactiveGuide_valueId = 0x7f030309
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_goneMarginBaseline = 0x7f03023e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tabIndicator = 0x7f030372
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/abc_search_url_text_selected = 0x7f050010
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/design_layout_tab_text = 0x7f0c0028
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_linear_in = 0x7f0b0007
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/colorButtonNormal = 0x7f0300da
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1200a0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/circularflow_angles = 0x7f0300ba
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/nav_default_pop_enter_anim = 0x7f010027
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/autoSizeMinTextSize = 0x7f03003f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/colorPrimarySurface = 0x7f0300e7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f1201b0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/colorScheme = 0x7f0300e9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_list_focused_holo = 0x7f07002d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_baseline_home_24 = 0x7f070086
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/animateCircleAngleTo = 0x7f030032
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_height = 0x7f0600d7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/square = 0x7f0901e0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mtrl_picker_header_selection_text = 0x7f09015f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/SharedValue = 0x7f030001
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/minHideDelay = 0x7f030290
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/select_dialog_listview = 0x7f0901c3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_text_size_display_3_material = 0x7f060045
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/text_view_with_theme_line_height = 0x7f0c0090
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f120291
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/textinput_suffix_text = 0x7f090214
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f1200f3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tickColorActive = 0x7f0303c5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/test_custom_background = 0x7f0700ca
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/contentInsetEnd = 0x7f0300f7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape = 0x7f07000f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/track = 0x7f0303e5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/nestedScrollViewStyle = 0x7f0302c0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/nav_graph = 0x7f09016a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/hint_alpha_material_light = 0x7f06009a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tooltipStyle = 0x7f0303e0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/liftOnScrollTargetViewId = 0x7f03024d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/paddingBottomNoButtons = 0x7f0302ce
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_navigation_max_width = 0x7f06007e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/linear_indeterminate_line2_tail_interpolator = 0x7f02000c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/targetId = 0x7f030388
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/title_home = 0x7f11008e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/scale = 0x7f0901b2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f12020f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/clockIcon = 0x7f0300c7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/inputSearch = 0x7f090111
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/purple_700 = 0x7f0500d1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:interpolator/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0b0000
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/imageButtonStyle = 0x7f0301cf
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/title = 0x7f090216
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/collapseIcon = 0x7f0300d2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/navGraph = 0x7f0302b8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/elastic = 0x7f0900d0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_text_size = 0x7f060155
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionModeCloseDrawable = 0x7f030017
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/behavior_halfExpandedRatio = 0x7f03005d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f010022
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionModeTheme = 0x7f030021
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/cornerFamilyTopRight = 0x7f03010c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f12003d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:bool/mtrl_btn_textappearance_all_caps = 0x7f040002
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionModeSelectAllDrawable = 0x7f03001d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintVertical_weight = 0x7f030235
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/thumbTint = 0x7f0303c2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_disabled = 0x7f070072
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/nav_default_enter_anim = 0x7f010025
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/titleDividerNoCustom = 0x7f090217
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f060070
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/deriveConstraintsFrom = 0x7f030134
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textAppearanceButton = 0x7f030390
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/carousel_backwardTransition = 0x7f03008e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/from_left = 0x7f010020
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/barLength = 0x7f030053
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f12007c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/chipStandaloneStyle = 0x7f0300b1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Platform.AppCompat = 0x7f1200f6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionModeBackground = 0x7f030014
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_state_list_animator = 0x7f020015
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding = 0x7f06012b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/triggerId = 0x7f0303f4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/dialogPreferredPadding = 0x7f030137
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/linear_indeterminate_line2_head_interpolator = 0x7f02000b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutStyle = 0x7f0300d6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/buttonCompat = 0x7f03007d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/spacer = 0x7f0901d8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/lastBaselineToBottomHeight = 0x7f030202
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintHeight_max = 0x7f030221
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/bottomSheetDialogTheme = 0x7f03006a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/CardView.Light = 0x7f1200e6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_top = 0x7f06016f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/material_on_background_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f05007d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/navigationIcon = 0x7f0302ba
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textAppearanceHeadline1 = 0x7f030392
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/singleChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f030338
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/MotionScene = 0x7f130067
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/chipSurfaceColor = 0x7f0300b6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/abc_tooltip_exit = 0x7f01000b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/itemShapeInsetTop = 0x7f0301f3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/abc_popup_exit = 0x7f010004
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/autoCompleteMode = 0x7f03003c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/barrierMargin = 0x7f030056
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/personal_data = 0x7f0c007b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/enterAlwaysCollapsed = 0x7f0900d5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/cache_measures = 0x7f09007c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/action_divider = 0x7f09003c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/enforceMaterialTheme = 0x7f03015e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/boxStrokeErrorColor = 0x7f030074
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/action_bar_size = 0x7f060051
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f01001b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/pager_sign_gmail = 0x7f0c0079
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_emphasis_medium = 0x7f0600b2
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/touchRegionId = 0x7f0303e4
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/abc_slide_in_bottom = 0x7f010006
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_circle = 0x7f07009a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_baseline_to_top_fullscreen = 0x7f06010e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/closeIconVisible = 0x7f0300cf
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/blendSrc = 0x7f030063
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/backgroundOverlayColorAlpha = 0x7f03004b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/tooltip_margin = 0x7f0601aa
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/mtrl_btn_unelevated_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/onTouchUp = 0x7f0302cb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/linear_indeterminate_line1_head_interpolator = 0x7f020009
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/fragment_open_exit = 0x7f020008
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/rightToLeft = 0x7f0901a6
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_baseline_perm_identity_24 = 0x7f07008a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_fab_shadow_mid_color = 0x7f05005c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_textinput_min_width = 0x7f0600c1
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/popUpToInclusive = 0x7f0302ef
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/fragment_fade_enter = 0x7f020005
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/hintTextAppearance = 0x7f0301bc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.QaraqalpaqJazıwshıları.PopupOverlay = 0x7f1201d7
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl = 0x7f07004f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/mtrl_picker_header_fullscreen = 0x7f0c006d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/action_bar_root = 0x7f090036
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/design_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020001
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/center_vertical = 0x7f090082
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/navigationIconTint = 0x7f0302bb
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_baseline_lock_24 = 0x7f070088
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/imageZoom = 0x7f0301d3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_dark = 0x7f07002f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/alpha_to_in = 0x7f01000e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f12018d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f1200c9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f12021d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/queryPatterns = 0x7f030300
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/inputPhone = 0x7f09010f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f120294
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/mini = 0x7f090147
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/region_widthMoreThan = 0x7f03030e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionBarTabBarStyle = 0x7f03000a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/uri = 0x7f0303f9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f120151
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/mtrl_card_lowers_interpolator = 0x7f010024
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/closeIcon = 0x7f0300c9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/layout_constraintHeight = 0x7f03021f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/google_icon = 0x7f110047
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/colorOnBackground = 0x7f0300df
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f07002c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/DialogFragmentNavigator = 0x7f13002f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/circularflow_defaultRadius = 0x7f0300bc
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f07000c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/actionBarStyle = 0x7f030009
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/x_right = 0x7f09024d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/showTitle = 0x7f030336
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:animator/mtrl_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f020010
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/shapeAppearanceSmallComponent = 0x7f03032d
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/base_alpha = 0x7f030057
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/Variant = 0x7f13009b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/design_fab_stroke_top_outer_color = 0x7f050061
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark = 0x7f050000
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/closeItemLayout = 0x7f0300d0
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_fab_elevation = 0x7f060073
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f12014c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/common_signin_button_text_long = 0x7f11003a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:color/gray_background = 0x7f05006c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/compat_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f06005a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/browser_actions_menu_view = 0x7f090072
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/animationMode = 0x7f030034
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/crossfade = 0x7f030119
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/motionEffect_translationY = 0x7f0302ac
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/tickMarkTintMode = 0x7f0303c9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar.TextView = 0x7f1202b9
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:layout/item_resume = 0x7f0c0045
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_horizontal = 0x7f0600ba
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/contentPaddingStart = 0x7f030102
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f12006e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/isMaterialTheme = 0x7f0301df
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_light = 0x7f060098
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f120059
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/spline = 0x7f0901db
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/abc_dialog_title_divider_material = 0x7f060026
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/flow_firstVerticalStyle = 0x7f03018a
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/passwordToggleTintMode = 0x7f0302dd
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/clockFaceBackgroundColor = 0x7f0300c5
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:styleable/Constraint = 0x7f130026
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/hintAnimationEnabled = 0x7f0301ba
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_corner_radius = 0x7f0600d8
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/number = 0x7f0302c3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_unselected = 0x7f11006b
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:drawable/ic_baseline_library_books_24 = 0x7f070087
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/dropdownListPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f03014e
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:id/src_over = 0x7f0901e3
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:attr/textAppearanceBody2 = 0x7f03038f
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:dimen/design_tab_max_width = 0x7f06008c
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f120231
uz.texnopos.mybuilderapp:anim/abc_slide_out_top = 0x7f010009
